Democratic Party Contaminated Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee “People’s power to call contaminated water ‘treated water’, for whom is it a political party?”The power of the people, no longer a threat to national safety... We must stop the treacherous act of trampling on the pride of the peopleAt a press conference on the 10th, the Democratic Party of Korea Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Polluted Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee (Chairperson Wie Sung-gon) said, “The government plans to change the official term ‘contaminated water’ from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to ‘treated water’. As the controversy continued, he denied that there had been no review on whether to change the term for contaminated water,” he said. “There is no science, national interest, or national dignity in changing the term for contaminated water. The power of the people hopes to stop the traitorous acts that threaten the safety of the people and trample on the pride of the people.”The Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Contaminated Water Disposal Countermeasures Committee said, “The matter related to the contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan is always controversial. When President Yoon Seok-yeol's remarks that he would make the Korean people understand when he visited Japan were reported in the Japanese media, the president's office denied it. It was denied that it was not an evaluation team,” he pointed out.The Countermeasures Committee for Preventing Marine Dumping of Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants said, “The power of the people, 'Protection of Our Seas Verification TF' is more spectacle. At the first meeting on May 9, an opinion was suggested to call contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant as treated water, and Chairman Seong Il-jong also appeared on the air as if responding to this and said, 'Wouldn't it be right to use it as treated water?' directly hit who the party was for.The Polluted Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee said, “TF leader Seong Il-jong compared the amount of tritium emitted from nuclear power plants operated by some nuclear power plants in the National Defense Commission’s pending inquiry on April 6, and concluded that nuclear contaminated water discharged from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is safe. “The type of radioactive material emitted from a normal nuclear power plant and the type of radioactive material generated when a nuclear power plant explodes due to melted nuclear fuel are obviously different. There is no need to mention the danger.”The countermeasure committee said, “There is a saying that if you stay still, you will go even in the middle. “The head of the ruling party’s Fukushima nuclear power plant contaminated water TF is doing what a spokesperson for Japan’s Tokyo Electric Power Company, who has no common sense or public safety, is saying,” he said. he harshly criticized.“In the data released by Tokyo Electric Power, about 70% of the total contaminated water, excluding 34%, is contaminated with radioactive materials up to 19,909 times the standard value,” he said. It is contaminated with tritium and carbon 14, which cannot be filtered out by ALPS, and the contaminated water contains radioactive substances such as uranium 238, plutonium 239, and americium 241, which are not emitted in normal nuclear power plants.”In addition, “the reliability of the Multi-Nuclide Removal System (ALPS) that treats contaminated water is also a problem. International experts pointed out that the multi-nuclide removal facility did not operate properly until 2018, and TEPCO acknowledged this,” he said. paraphrased.The Committee for Countermeasures Against Marine Dumping of Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants asked, “Is it in accordance with common sense that the ruling party will agree with Japan’s position and change the official term ‘contaminated water’ in this situation?” , there is no nationality. The power of the people strongly urged to stop the traitorous acts that threaten the safety of the people and trample on the pride of the people.”
Meanwhile, members of the Minjoo Party of Korea's Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Contaminated Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee are Wi Seong-gon (Chairman), Yang Won-young Yang, Kim Seung-won, Kim Won-i, Kim Hoi-jae, Park Beom-gye, Yoon Young-deok, Yoon Jae-gap, Yoon Jun-byeong, Lee Won-wook, Lee Jang-seop, Lee Jeong-moon, Jeon Yong-ki, Joo Cheol-hyeon, and Choi Ki-sang.




























