The Minsaeng Party held a press conference on the 23rd at 11 am in front of the Peace Girl Statue in front of the Japanese Embassy in Seoul during a protest visit to the Japanese Embassy in Korea regarding the discharge of polluted water from Fukushima, Japan. The conference was attended by Su-bong Lee, Emergency Response Committee Chairman Kim Jeong-ki, Secretary General Hwang Han-woong, spokesman Park Jeong-hee, spokesman Yang Gun-mo, chairman of the city and provincial party, and government officials from the Central Party.In an interview, Lee Su-bong, chairman of the Emergency Response Committee, urged, "I condemn the second imperial invasion. The Japanese government should withdraw the decision to release contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and share with neighboring countries the status of the removal of harmful radioactive isotopes remaining in the contaminated water. did.Chairman Lee said, “On October 27th, the Japanese government intends to officially determine the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean. In the wake of the response from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that the discharge of contaminated water in April this year conforms to international practices, it seems clear that the decision to release contaminated water will be carried out with confidence. “Summing up the information from the Japanese government, The logic to enforce the decision to release is made up of two axes. One pointed out that'it is safe to discharge,' and the other is'the limit of the capacity of contaminated water storage tank'.“If “marine creatures” could speak, the Japanese archipelago would have already been surrounded by marine life. We cannot lose the preciousness of everyday life with fish on the table. Be grateful for the “nature's work” performed by the rich diversity of humans, microbes, plants and animals. “We must not repeat the folly of realizing the value after losing.” “The decision to release contaminated water at sea is an obvious violation of Article 194 of the Convention on the Law of the Sea. It is clear that the Japanese government is responsible for the enforcement of the release decision. He said, “We will help us, even if we are small, in joining forces with the unspeakable marine creatures, the workers in the related industries of both Korea and Japan, and conscientious citizens who want to preserve the “valuity of everyday”.” The following is the full text of the press conference.
Minsaengdang Party's Emergency Response Committee Chairman Lee Soo-bong press conference Only after losing it, I realize the truth of the old saying that realizes its importance. The corona 19 epidemic crisis that has hit the world teaches how precious the “everyday” we have enjoyed. They express gratitude for the importance of the work and labor of ordinary people who support their daily lives while preventing total paralysis.A beep is ringing telling you not to repeat such stupidity. On October 27, the Japanese government intends to officially determine the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean. Given the response from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) that the discharge of contaminated water in April this year is in line with international practice, it seems clear that the decision to discharge will be carried out with confidence.Putting together the information from the Japanese government, the logic to enforce the decision to release discharge has two pillars. One is'it is safe to discharge', and the other is'the limit of the capacity of contaminated water storage tanks'. Let's take it one by one.The Japanese government claims that most of the harmful radioactive isotopes have been removed while first purifying radioactive contaminated water using equipment called ALPS. Only about tritium, which can cause damage to the human body such as apoptosis and reproductive function, remains, but it has a short half-life and the characteristic of tritium that cannot pass through the human skin.It is by far difficult to trust. For two reasons.First, tritium is not the only radioactive isotope remaining in contaminated water purified using multi-nuclide removal equipment. There is only one tritium. Isotopes such as carbon (C)-14, strontium (Sr)-90, cesium (Cs)-137, and iodine-129 remain in the purified contaminated water. These elements have a much greater affinity than tritium for seabed sediments and marine organisms such as fish. It is potentially dangerous to humans and the environment in a much longer and more complex way than tritium.This was also revealed in the results of an internal Japanese investigation. In 2018, TEPCO's own survey found that in 80% of the purified contaminated water, cesium-137, strontium-90, and iodine-129, which are harmful to the human body, were found above the standard.Second, even if it is within the Japanese government's allowance for release of radioactive materials, it is very insufficient to ensure the safety of marine ecosystems, marine life, and human food. In the case of tritium, the Japanese government's maximum allowable emission is 60,000 becquerels (the number of times radionuclides decay per unit time). However, in the standard food safety standard of the International Food Standards Committee (CODEX), the level allowed for adults is 10,000 baccrels, which is about a sixth level.In addition, given the fact that the half-life of radioactive isotopes other than tritium is much longer and the affinity that accumulates in marine organisms is much higher, the risk of ultimately damaging the human body through the food chain cannot be ignored.There are already concerns from the international scientific community about the Japanese government's move to focus only on tritium. In a paper titled ``Opening the floodgates at Fukushima'' published in the renowned scientific journal Journal Science last August, Dr. Ken O. Buesseler of the Woodshall Marine Research Institute, Massachusetts, pointed out: did. He is a scientist who has been studying the spread of radioactivity from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to the Pacific Ocean since 2011. Was the first to study whether to take.“Focus on tritium in tanks that store contaminated water is ignoring the presence of other radioactive isotopes in contaminated water. The first step (prior to the decision to release contaminated water at sea) is to clean up these additional radioactive contaminants remaining in the storage tank. The next step is to create a plan based on what remains. In the case of ocean discharge options, independent groups are needed to track all such potential sources of pollutants in the ocean, undersea layers and marine life. The health of the oceans and the livelihood of many people depend on it.”The Japanese government's explanation that storage capacity is reaching its limit is no excuse. Currently, there are 1,000 storage tanks, and if 135 to 165 tons of contaminated water are stored a day, the storage capacity is expected to be exhausted in the summer of 2022. If it is not enough, it is enough to build a new one. This should be done until sufficient “cleaning” of radioactive isotopes in contaminated water has been achieved through information sharing with neighboring countries and joint efforts to resolve the problem. If cost is an issue, you can honestly ask the international community for assistance. Compared to the potential risks to marine ecosystems, marine life and humans that the cheapest ocean releases bring, they are much cheaper. It is not a matter of building national pride.We plead fervently to the Japanese government. It is strongly urged to withdraw the decision to release contaminated water at sea, share information with neighboring countries, and take joint action to resolve it. If the ocean discharge of contaminated water is decided on the basis of ‘inexpensive’, it is like a confession that the Japanese government has learned no lessons from the coronavirus outbreak.If “marine creatures” could speak, the Japanese archipelago would have already been surrounded by marine creatures. We cannot lose the preciousness of the daily life of fish on the table. Be grateful for the “nature's work” performed by the rich diversity of humans, microbes, plants and animals. Don't repeat the foolishness of realizing the value after losing.The decision to release contaminated water at sea is an obvious violation of Article 194 of the Convention on the Law of the Sea. It is clear that the Japanese government is responsible for the enforcement of the release decision. We will do our best to join forces with unspeakable marine creatures, related industrial workers in the two countries of Korea and Japan, and conscientious citizens who want to preserve the “valuity of everyday life”.Finally, I can't help but say a word to the ruling party. In August of last year, the Democratic Party criticized the Japanese government's attempts to release contaminated water at sea, using the harsh term “environmental terrorism”. Compared to that time, now it is almost the level of dumb eating honey. Did you have a mental line? I urge you to respond sanely to this issue alone.





















