Uljin-gun, Significantly Reinforcement of Aquatic Product Radiation Inspection System
. Uljin-gun (Governor Byeong-bok Son) has significantly strengthened the safety management and radiation inspection system for marine products produced and distributed in the jurisdiction to relieve public anxiety following the Japanese government's start of discharging contaminated water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant on the 24th, and promotes consumption of marine products. He also said that support will continue. Currently, Uljin-gun is cooperating with the Gyeongbuk Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute and the Fisheries Technology Institute to conduct radioactive sample tests on aquatic products produced and distributed in the province. In particular, since July 24, we have cooperated with the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries to further strengthen the radiation inspection system, take samples of marine products distributed in the market every day, and request inspection from the radiation inspection agency. there is. In addition, by adding inspections by region for farms, sampling and radioactivity inspections are planned three times a month from one month before shipment. In the second half of the year, Uljin-gun plans to further strengthen operation and self-inspection by introducing specialized radiation inspection equipment capable of self-inspection of marine products produced and distributed in the jurisdiction. The relevant aquatic product safety test results can be found on the Gyeongbuk Provincial Government's aquatic product safety test results website and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries' national application radioactivity analysis website. Meanwhile, Uljin-gun successfully completed the 'Welcome to the Show Event', a co-prosperity discount coupon support project for aquatic products in Hupo in early August to widely publicize safe local aquatic products. plan to unfold. Son Byeong-bok, Mayor of Uljin County, said, “We have greatly strengthened safety inspections on marine products produced and distributed in the jurisdiction.” We will do our best to minimize the damage to local fishermen.”

