Kim Yeong-gyu, Mayor of Yeosu City, “The threat of contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant.. The city government must take a hard line”
All capabilities must be put in to keep citizens safe and reduce damage to the fishing industry.. Time to prepare is over... When the plan is thoroughly executed
reporter goYongbae. On the 24th, Yeosu City Council Chairman Kim Yeong-kyu strongly urged, “The city government must respond with all its might to the threat of contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant.” Chairman Kim first criticized the Japanese government, saying, "I strongly condemn the Japanese government for making an irresponsible decision to discharge contaminated water despite the concerns and opposition of people around the world, and I hope that the discharge will be stopped immediately." He then emphasized the need for the city government to respond, saying, "We must come up with our own measures and actively respond to protect the health and safety of citizens and the livelihood of local fishermen." The Yeosu City Council has raised its voice several times over the withdrawal of the plan to discharge contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant. In February 2020, starting with the ‘resolution calling for the withdrawal of the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan’, a total of eight withdrawals of the discharge plan and statements urging the government to take countermeasures were announced until this year. As the city government's response plan, Chairman Kim mentioned the establishment of a seafood safety center worth 5.4 billion won, the installation of a seawater radiation monitoring system in the fishing guide ship, and the establishment of a plan to use a portable radiation monitor. Chairman Kim emphasized the execution of the response plan, saying, “The time to prepare for contaminated water from nuclear power plants is over,” and “Now is the time to thoroughly implement the prepared plan.” He added, "We strongly urge the city government to put all its capabilities and respond with all its might to protect the safety of citizens and reduce damage to the fisheries industry." He also ordered that “continuous monitoring of radioactivity in nearby waters and strengthening of the safety surveillance network so that citizens can feel at ease.”
Lastly, "We must actively publicize the safety of marine products in Yeosu, the No. 1 fishery city, to prevent a decline in consumption," and asked to "strictly control the country of origin labeling, measure the radioactivity of local aquatic products, and disclose the results transparently." did.