Gyeongsangbuk-do, ‘all-out efforts’ to relieve anxiety following the start of discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima. Gyeongsangbuk-do announced on the 23rd that it will actively promote measures to re-examine the response situation, strengthen the safety of marine products, and support fishermen in response to Japan's discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima on the 24th. Previously, North Gyeongsang Province issued a statement condemning the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima and urging the government to prepare countermeasures ('21.4.14), and operated an advisory committee composed of experts in seafood safety and radioactivity, and a 'Fukushima contaminated water safety response task force' team. Inspection equipment for aquatic product radioactivity inspection has been expanded from 2 units (2 units in the Fisheries Technology Institute) to 4 units (3 units in the Fisheries Technology Institute, 1 unit in Pohang City) and is being inspected. It is being expanded to once a week analysis. In order to promptly provide information on the results of radioactivity analysis of marine products, the analysis results can be checked the next day through the Gyeongbuk Sea Environment Information APP, and efforts are being made to publicize the safety of aquatic products in the East Coast by operating a radiation reporting center and housewife monitoring group. In addition, in order to support the expansion of the local seafood market due to the decrease in consumption of seafood products, the Maritime and Fisheries Expo (May 31-June 2, Gyeongju Haiko) was held, the Onnuri gift certificate refund event and the 'Welcome to the Seafood Discount Event' for traditional markets in the province (Andong, Yeongdeok, Yeongdeok) , Uljin) and promoted various events to revitalize seafood consumption. In addition, Gyeongbuk-do established the ‘Fukushima Marine Discharge Measures for Contaminated Water in Fukushima’ to strengthen the safety of marine products in the east coast of Gyeongsangbuk-do for fishermen and residents in July. The main contents are strengthening and expanding the analysis of radioactivity of fish products, strengthening communication with citizens on the safety of fish products, activating the consumption of fish products with the public, supporting fishermen's management stability, and recommending measures to the central government for measures against fishermen's damage. First of all, in order to strengthen and expand radioactivity analysis of marine products, by the end of this year, radioactivity inspection equipment (gamma nuclide analysis system) will be expanded and established in five coastal cities and counties in the province, and inspection equipment (beta nuclide analysis system) that can analyze tritium will also be installed at the Fisheries Research Institute. will be built further. We are trying to ensure that only safe seafood is distributed by conducting pre-distribution inspections at the five major consignment stores in the province (Jukdo, Guryongpo live fish, Ganggu, Hupo, and Gampo). It plans to promote tight and meticulous safety management with the public and private sectors by entrusting monitoring of seawater. On the other hand, about 200 people from the Gyeongbuk Women's Association Council, 2030 Green Coalition, City County, and Fisheries Cooperative participated at the Pohang Complex Cultural Center (Deokup Hall) on the 28th to strengthen communication with residents of seafood safety, and said, “Consumers and experts work together on contaminated water from Japanese nuclear power plants. Held a “seafood safety diagnosis seminar” to find out. In order to secure the trust of the residents, we plan to hold an observation event on the 25th to directly check the sample collection and inspection process of the ‘fishery product safety housewives monitoring group’ to inform the safety of marine products in the province. Promote the “Welcome to the Seafood Discount Event” to support discount coupons that can be used at traditional markets in the province and the “Onnuri Gift Certificate Refund Event” with the government to promote consumption of seafood products in connection with various events for local festivals and holidays business will be carried out. In addition, in order to support fishermen's business stability, the "fishery management fund interest emergency support project" (approximately KRW 900 million), which provides part of the loan interest to fishermen who are expected to be damaged due to the discharge of contaminated water, will be organized and supported in the second supplementary budget this year. plan. In the future, we are also preparing a project to subsidize some of the radiation inspection costs to aquaculture farms and fishery food processing and production companies. Expansion of major fishery products in the province, such as flatfish, farmed rockfish, and gangster legs, into government stockpiling items, postponement of repayment of fisheries policy funds (English funds, formulated feed, etc.), interest reduction, compensation for fishery loss, and special disaster support funds It plans to actively propose to the central government the enactment of the 'Special Act on Measures for Damage from Contaminated Water at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant' in cooperation with other cities and provinces. Cheol-woo Lee, Governor of North Gyeongsang Province, said, “We will constantly monitor the impact on the local economy that may occur due to the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, and respond by concentrating all our provincial government capabilities to overcome the health and safety of citizens and the decline in consumption of marine products.” I will actively work on communication.”