(Seoul = News 1) Reporter Kang Min-kyung = After the war between Israel and the Palestinian militant Hamas, Yemen's Houthi rebels, supported by Iran, are attacking commercial ships one after another in the Red Sea.

Accordingly, MSC and others in Switzerland, the world's largest container shipping company, have announced that they will temporarily suspend operations through the Red Sea. They will make a detour to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa to avoid the Suez Canal.

Yemen's Houthi rebels, who support Hamas, have attacked vessels with any connection to Israel among those entering and leaving the Suez Canal in the name of responding to Israeli attacks on Gaza.


According to Reuters, MSC said its Liberia-registered cargo ship Palatium 3 was attacked by a drone in Yemen's Babelmandev Strait on the night of the 15th, and that some ships would choose to return to the Cape of Good Hope rather than the Suez Canal.

The MSC explained that no injuries were reported in the attack, but the ship was suspended due to some fire damage.

The U.S. military said another Liberian ship, the Hapak Lloyd Al Jasra, was struck by a missile.

Danish shipping company Maersk has also suspended all container ships through Babelmandev until further notice.

Ships are operating in Egypt's Suez Canal, where traffic has resumed due to the support of the super-large container ship Ever Given, which was stranded on the 30th (local time). ⓒ AFP=News1 ⓒNews1 Reporter Udon Myung

Ships are operating in Egypt's Suez Canal, where traffic has resumed due to the support of the super-large container ship Ever Given, which was stranded on the 30th (local time). ⓒ AFP=News1 ⓒNews1 Reporter Udon Myung
French shipping company CMA CGM has also joined the move. "The situation is getting worse and there are growing safety concerns," CMA CGM said in a statement.

German shipping company Hapag Lloyd could do the same, Reuters said.

The Babelmandev Strait, which connects with the Suez Canal, is a major maritime transport route in the world. It accounts for about 30% of maritime container traffic and about 12% of goods trade. It is also a passageway for crude oil and natural gas produced in the Persian Gulf to be exported to Europe and North America.


Yemen's Houthi rebels are carrying out civilian ship attacks here as a protest against Israel's attack on Gaza.

Reuters said Yemeni Houthi rebels have now begun talks with "international parties" with neighboring Oman as a mediator over operations in the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea. The Houthi rebels have not yet disclosed the identity of the parties involved in the talks and have not said where or when the talks took place.

Meanwhile, the U.S. Central Command said that the guided missile destroyer Kani shot down 14 drones fired by Houthi rebels in the Red Sea on Wednesday morning. All were unilateral attack drones, and no damage was done to the vessel.

Houthi rebels said they were only targeting ships bound for Israel, but Palatium 3 and MSC ship Alanya were listed as destinations by Jeddah in Saudi Arabia.

Meanwhile, war risk insurance premiums for ships passing through the Red Sea have risen significantly, Reuters said. This incurs tens of thousands of dollars in additional costs for the seven-day voyage.