The Japanese government is releasing Fukushima contaminated water into the sea despite opposition from Japanese fishermen's groups. Greenpeace harshly criticized the Japanese government's irresponsible behavior, which could lead to an irreversible disaster. It also overlooked the potential risk of cross-border damage caused by the release of radioactive pollutants and warned the South Korean government of aiding and abetting its failure to exercise the rights of neighboring countries guaranteed by international law to prevent the release. The South Korean government's attitude toward Fukushima-contaminated water shows the nuclear plant-first thought that neglects safety. The marine discharge of radioactive waste generated by nuclear power plant accidents is unprecedented on the planet and can pose a serious risk to the marine ecosystem and the safety of humanity. It is an act that threatens the right to live of residents of Pacific coastal countries as well as Japanese fishermen, and is also a violation of international maritime law. The Japanese government and Tepco argue that discharging contaminated water is essential for the decommissioning of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and that there is no suitable alternative other than discharging it. However, this is nothing short of acknowledging to himself that the nuclear decommissioning project is virtually failing. The Japanese government claims that the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water will resolve the problem of contaminated water, but hundreds of thousands of tons of contaminated water will inevitably occur even after the discharge. Discharge of contaminated water is not for decommissioning, but is just a poor choice to save money incurred by long-term storage of existing contaminated water. As of August 3, 2023, the contaminated water stored in the Fukushima tank amounted to 1,343,227㎥. It is contaminated water that has already been treated more than once through the Multi-Nucleus Treatment Facility (ALPS). However, even if Tepco explains, about 70% of them have to go through reprocessing at least once due to limitations in ALPS processing capabilities. This proves that the performance of ALPS is so uncertain. Scientists point out that the biological impact of tritium, carbon-14, strontium-90, and iodine-129, which will be released together during the discharge of contaminated water, has not been properly evaluated. Despite knowing this, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) tolerated the issue on the grounds that it was not within the scope of Tepco's request for review, and effectively approved Japan's plan to discharge contaminated water through a report. In the end, the Japanese government's "science" was only used to favor Japan's argument, and it guarantees nothing to protect human health and safety. Members of the U.N. Human Rights Council and U.N. special rapporteurs have also made clear their critical stance, opposing Japan's discharge plan. Japan's discharge of contaminated water violates UN Human Rights Council Resolution 48/13, which states "the right to live in a clean, healthy and sustainable environment as a fundamental human right," and violates the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS). The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea stipulates that a comprehensive environmental impact assessment should be conducted if marine discharge can cause trans-border damage. The neighboring South Korean government can never be free from responsibility for the human catastrophe caused by the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water. The Yoon Suk Yeoln government is carrying out nuclear power projects in earnest, and because of various advantages in this regard, it is acquiescing to Japan's irresponsible actions. On the contrary, neighboring countries Russia and China have asked for reconsideration as air discharge in opposition to the discharge of contaminated water. Islands along the Pacific Ocean are expressing concern that it is irresponsible, warning that emissions will affect human health and the global environment. The discharge of Fukushima contaminated water is not all visible. The weapon called "science" used by Japan can never guarantee the survival and prosperity of mankind. We should all never overlook this point.