Government, people must think deeply what's gone wrong.In the aftermath of the Sewol ferry disaster last year, people thought ― or hoped ― Korea would be a totally different country in safety matters. A fishing boat accident Saturday, which left at least 18 people dead or missing, shows painfully little has changed since April 2014, both in the government's preparedness and in the public's consciousness.There are too many similarities between the two coastal mishaps to ignore. For instance, maritime authorities still do not know exactly how many were aboard the 9.8-ton charter fishing boat, Dolphin, when it sank near an islet north of Cheju Island. This indicates the operation and management of vessels, particularly small ships, are still left to their owners and captains, who usually put revenue ahead of safety.Like 17 months ago, it took too long a time for the Coast Guard to hear about the accident and even longer for it to find the sunken vessel. Once again, it was fishermen, not coast guards, who rescued three passengers, so far the only survivors.Bereaved family members of victims deserve an official explanation why the coast guard needed 70 minutes to receive the first report, and could not reach the scene after 11 hours had passed, during which four of the original seven passengers who clung to the capsized boat were swept away by strong gale and rough waves. Once the rescue operations are over, officials should tell families about what happened at sea and within the Coast Guard headquarters.The surviving passengers may be able to provide more details later. According to what is known, however, there are some points to ponder regarding the behavior of the passengers, too. If the media report is right, the passengers might have pressured the captain to move out to sea braving unfavorable weather conditions. Worse yet, few of the passengers wore life jackets.Unlike the case of ferry sinking when President Park Geun-hye couldn't be seen during the first several hours crucial for rescue operations, the chief executive responded quickly this time around, sending instructions. Sadly, however, President Park's learning effect seems to have stopped at after-the-fact response, failing to make her take more fundamental preventive steps.The Ministry of Public Security and Safety, which was formed after the Sewol disaster, vowed to rescue people in danger at sea within one hour. The swift rescue system has yet to take root, however, because of a budget shortage. The Ministry of Strategy and Finance has reportedly balked at allocating money for the project, citing the needs for implementing President Park's creative economy policy, revealing the government's policy priority is still on economic growth, not safety.Experts say had rescuers arrived on time, lit up and searched the area, most of the passengers could have been saved. Government budgeters are passing the buck, saying it was not the money but unfinished organizational revamping at the home ministry that hampered the rescue efforts.All this interagency squabble shows the Park administration has failed to mend the barn even after the horses had bolted. Koreans are wondering how many more lives must be lost before leaders put the people's safety ahead of all else.