Samsung Electronics Wins 46 Innovation AwardsA bendable gaming OLED TV, the winner of the Best of Innovation in the gaming categorySamsung Electronics, LG Electronics, SK Innovation, and Hyundai Heavy Industries Group have won many Innovation Awards at CES 2023, which will be held in Las Vegas in January next year.The Consumer Technology Association (CTA), which hosts CES, announced on Nov. 16 (local time) the winners of CES Innovation Awards across 28 categories. Samsung Electronics received a total of 46 Innovation Awards – 18 in the video display category, 11 in the mobile device category, 10 in the household appliance category and 7 in the semiconductor category. The number of the awards the company received at CES 2023 is the same as that at CES 2020, in which it won a record number of awards. In particular, it took home three Best of Innovation Awards, two for video display including a TV model for 2023 and one for semiconductors.LG Electronics won a total of 28 Innovation Awards, the most ever, including three Best of Innovation Awards. In particular, LG OLED TV received a total of 12 Innovation Awards, including two Best of Innovation Awards. LG OLED TV models won the CES Innovation Award for 11 consecutive years since its first release in 2013. Among them, the LG OLED Flex nabbed the Best of Innovation Award in the gaming category and the Innovation Award in the visual display category, respectively.SK Innovation’s affiliates, including SK On and SKIET, took home eight Innovation Awards for five products. The products include, UD Tape, a lightweight material for vehicles (SK Geo Centric), E556 SF Battery (SK On), NCM9 Battery (SK On) and FCW (SKIET) and a LiBS separator (SKIET).SK On’s SF battery (product name: E556) claimed the Best of Innovation Award in the field of embedded technology. This was the first Innovation Award given to a Korean battery maker. SKIET’s flexible cover window also won the Best of Innovation Award in the mobile device & accessory category. It was the first time that SK Group affiliates have won the Best of Innovation Awards since 2019, when they started participating in CES.Hyundai Heavy Industries Group won a total of nine awards. Its product winners were an LNG fuel supply management system based on artificial intelligence (AI)-powered autonomous navigation for ships, a next-generation ship electric propulsion system, an industrial complex energy management system, an eco-friendly high-voltage circuit breaker, a construction site safety management platform, a mobility solar energy solution and a leisure boat autonomous navigation solution.Products that won CES Innovation Awards will be displayed at the Las Vegas Convention Center from Jan. 5 to 8, 2023.Michael Herhpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution