Central Coast Guard operates special inspection team for Lunar New Year food safety Establishment of a special inspection team of 30 foreign affairs police officers... Focused crackdown on hoarding, impersonation of country of origin, etc. -Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do. The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it is forming and operating a special inspection team for crimes that violate the people's livelihood in order to secure safe food and establish distribution order of agricultural and marine products for the Lunar New Year holiday until February 16. According to the Central Coast Guard, in this special inspection, 30 foreign affairs police officers will be deployed to investigate acts that disrupt the market distribution order such as smuggling and distribution of agricultural, fishery and livestock products, sales disguised as country of origin, and cornering, and food subject to disposal that has passed its expiration date. We plan to focus on cracking down on the sale of . In addition, the Coast Guard's special inspection team plans to intensively inspect compliance with country of origin labeling on imported foods at famous fish markets, large supermarkets, and traditional markets across the country that are frequently visited by the public in order to relieve public anxiety about imported marine products and establish order in the distribution of agricultural and marine products. According to the Act on Origin Labeling of Agricultural and Fishery Products (abbreviated as the Origin Labeling Act), false labeling of the country of origin can result in imprisonment of up to 7 years or a fine of up to 100 million won, and failure to label the country of origin can result in a fine of 50,000 to 10 million won. You can. An official from the Central Coast Guard's Information and External Affairs Division said, “We will do our best to ensure the safety of the people's food by blocking the distribution of illegal agricultural and marine products around this year's Lunar New Year holiday. We also plan to pay a small reporting reward to those who report important incidents, so if a violation is discovered, we will do our best to ensure the safety of people's food.” “Please report it to the police station,” he asked.