Insurance experts sent to Sri Lanka to investigate cause of boat collision. By Kang Seok-jae Staff reporter Amid rescue operations for the missing North Korean seamen, two insurance experts have been dispatched to Colombo, Sri Lanka to investigate the cause of Wednesday's boat collision, said a spokesman for Hyundai Merchant Marine Co. (HMM) yesterday. The spokesman said that one of the two is a Korean marine surveyor appointed by Hyundai Maritime and Fire Insurance Co. and the other is a British surveyor dispatched by the London-based Britannia P&I (Protection and Indemnity) Club.The Hyundai Duke, which collided with a North Korean freighter in the Indian Ocean, is insured by Britannia P&I Club and Hyundai Maritime and Fire Co. Shortly after the accident, the Hyundai Duke, which suffered minor damage, rescued two North Korean seamen, but failed to find any more survivors.The 3,317-ton North Korean freighter "Manpok" was reportedly carrying 39 seamen when the accident occurred."The initial survey report on the cause of the accident is expected to come out in two to three days, but it could take some time for a complete report," said Yoo Chul, senior vice president of HMM. Yoo said the two surveyors are likely to interview Hyundai Duke crewmen and possibly the two North Korean survivors in Colombo. He said the initial survey report will shed some light on the cause of the incident.Asked about compensation for the ill-fated North Korean vessel and crewmen on board, Cha said it could only be determined after the final survey is released."At present, we have no information concerning the identities of the missing seamen on board the North Korean vessel or whether the ship is insured," Cha said, adding that his company is awaiting the official negotiation partner from the North Korean side to settle the accident."We are going to hire international legal advisors to defend our position if settlement disputes arise," Yoo said.According to international norms, the HMM official said that their respective insurance companies will settle compensatory problems stemming from material damages and human losses.Yoo said that in the case of HMM, Britannia will cover the human losses from the collision, with Hyundai Maritime and Fire Insurance taking full responsible for all damages to the vessels."When the final report comes out, then we will decide on whether we will compensate for the physical and human losses of North Korean seamen purely from the humanitarian point of view," Yoo said. Another HMM official said that the 52,000-ton Hyundai Duke containership was to arrive in Colombo Friday afternoon for repairs, which HMM believes would take one to two days. "The Hyundai Duke is carrying two North Korean seamen rescued from the accident," said Cha Jang-ho, senior vice president of HMM. To support further search and rescue operations, Cha said that HMM dispatched another merchant vessel, Hyundai Pacific Master to the collision site.Cha said that the two North Koreans will likely be handed over to the Sri Lankan government for transfer to North Korean diplomats dispatched from New Delhi.He said that the Korean government will not be involved in the process as the accident is a civilian problem.The official said that the maritime accident would not affect the Hyundai Group's economic cooperation projects, including its Mt.Kumgang tour business.HMM, the operator of Hyundai Duke, is a subsidiary of the Hyundai Group, which launced its Mt. Kumgang tour project last November and are in final negotiations with the North for further economic development projects. "Such a maritime accident is common in the oceangoing shipping business and those incidents will be treated according to international practice," Cha said, adding that it has nothing to do with its economic cooperation businesses with the North.