Jeonnam Province, seafood radioactivity test results show that all fish are safe. Province conducts daily radiation tests on seafood after Fukushima nuclear accident... Thorough safety management, including radioactivity testing at each stage of seafood production and distribution (Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Jeonnam Province announced that all radioactivity tests on seafood at each stage of production and distribution in the province in preparation for Chuseok were judged to be ‘suitable’. Jeonnam Province has been conducting radioactivity tests on seafood every day to relieve residents' anxiety about local seafood and verify its safety after the Fukushima nuclear power plant accident in March 2011. (Photo) Radioactivity testing for seafood at the production stage and radioactivity for seafood at the distribution stage in the province All test results were found to be suitable. The radioactivity test at the province's production centers (19 locations) and the seafood safety village (62 sea areas), which began after the discharge of contaminated water on August 24, were both judged qualified. The government bans the import of marine products produced in eight prefectures, including Fukushima. In addition, Jeonnam Province is thoroughly managing marine products imported from Japan through distribution history management and country of origin labeling crackdown. Radiation tests were also conducted on 861 salt farms in the province, which account for 92% of domestic sea salt production, and all were judged to be suitable, and untested salt farms are scheduled to be completed by October. Choi Jeong-gi, head of the Jeonnam Provincial Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau, said, “Jeonnam is the No. 1 seafood production base in the country, and we are expanding seawater surveillance and conducting radioactivity tests on production and distribution marine products in order to allay the concerns of residents and strengthen the safety of marine products in the production and distribution stages.” “I believe in the safety of Jeonnam seafood and hope you have a happy Chuseok with healthy and delicious seafood,” he said. Residents who want to relieve anxiety about seafood and check its safety can do so through the national application radioactivity analysis project.

