Clean-up of Koreas Worst Oil Spill Continues for Third Day. TAEAN, South Korea _ Coast Guard officials Sunday were struggling to clean up crude oil leaked from a
supertanker in the country's worst oil spill that has blackened some of South Korea's pristine western coast and endangered wildlife.Spillage from the tanker was completely stopped early Sunday, 48 hours after the leak began after a ship collision in waters off Taean County, South Chungcheong province. The government has declared a state of disaster for the region.Kang Moo-hyun, minister of maritime affairs and fisheries, said the containment will take at least two months, considering the size of the vast oil slick along the 150-km shoreline of the Taean county."Even if some fish and maritime products survive, they wouldn't be sellable for quite a while," Kang told reporters, "Whatever measures are taken are necessary to prevent the oil from hitting the shoreline."Some 90 vessels and six airplanes were dispatched to the scene of the accident and 6,650 soldiers and police have been working to contain about 10,500 tons of oil leaked into the western waters."The large size of the spill made the containment difficult, but the oil won't expand more given the tides and wind and their speeds," Lee Bong-gil, a pollution management official in the Korea Coast Guard in Seoul, said.The oil was leaked after a 146,000-ton tanker collided with an 11,800-ton crane-carrying barge from Samsung Heavy Industries. The crane hit the Hong Kong-registered tanker and punctured holes in three of its five containers. In two of the damaged containers, oil leaked into waters mostly on Friday, but leakage from the third container was only completely stopped early Sunday after repairs were made. The accident spread fear among farmers of grave damage. The South Chungcheong provincial government said some 3,570 hectares of fish farms, more than half the entire 5,650 ha in the region, will be damaged.The spill has already hit some 20 km of the coastline where damage is extensive, officials said. An 11.8 km oil fence was built and dispersants were sprayed to contain the leak.Of the 10,500 tons of oil that were leaked, only 100 tons have been collected, officials said. The police were questioning officials of Samsung Heavy Industries, the tanker owner, as well as the tanker captain and crews of the barge, and Fisheries Ministry officials overseeing the control tower. Some witnesses have reported a communication failure between the tanker and the control tower, the police said. The oil spill, the largest in South Korea's history, is about twice the size of the leak of 5,035 tons in 1995. The leaked oil formed a round shape as wide as 20 km, while a 10-meter oil slick was created about 17 kilometers from the seashore. Pushed by tides and the wind, the spill has already reached some beaches and is threatening fish farms in Taean County.Some coastal areas such as Simnipo and Mohang have been turned black as the crude oil has soaked into the sand. The disaster is expected to deal a heavy blow to tourist businesses and oyster and abalone farms in the ecologically pristine Taean County.All major candidates in the Dec. 19 presidential election have traveled to the disaster area to encourage containment efforts and express sympathy for farmers. The accident could cause compensation payments of as much as 300 billion won (US$330 million) from British Lloyd P&I, the insurance company for the barge, and from the International Oil Pollution Compensation Funds, an intergovernmental organization that provides compensation for damage caused by oil spills. In the 1995 accident in which a tanker struck a reef, its insurer and the international organization provided payments of 50 billion won.