Myung Hyeon-gwan, Mayor of Haenam County, orders “Thorough preparations to minimize damage from discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima” Regular meetings of county, office heads and town and village heads, reinforcing safety inspection and monitoring of marine products. (Haenam=Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = Jeonnam Haenam County Mayor Myeong Hyeon-gwan ordered thorough response measures to prevent damage to fishermen and the fisheries industry in relation to the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima on the 28th. Through an open communication meeting held in the county office situation room with the heads of departments and township heads attending, the county chief said, “As the discharge of contaminated water has become a reality, the decrease in consumption of marine products and anxiety is growing nationwide, the county’s own countermeasures are quickly promoted to protect fishermen. “Haenam-gun, which is surrounded by the sea on three sides, has a large fishing industry, and as direct and indirect damage is expected to continue due to the discharge of this contaminated water, the voices of condemnation and regret from fishermen are growing. ” he was concerned. Accordingly, he emphasized the need for a response at the local government level, such as finding a realistic solution by immediately injecting budget into urgent matters, while preparing mid- to long-term measures in collaboration with all departments. The military has meticulously established countermeasures since last July, when discussions on the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima began, and has significantly expanded safety inspections and monitoring of marine products. The safety inspection of fishery products has been expanded from 42 cases of 11 types to 100 cases of 11 types, and it is planned to secure a budget for this second supplementary budget, purchase 13 portable radiation meters, distribute them to each township, and establish a regular inspection system. In particular, 182 out of 335 aquaculture/village fisheries and inland seawater aquaculture have applied for the designation of 'aquatic product safe villages' for sea areas that are periodically inspected and managed for harmful substances such as radioactivity, and plans to continue to expand this. . It is also a policy to strengthen the control of the country of origin labeling of marine products with related agencies from once to twice a month, and to conduct frequent crackdowns. At the same time, in a situation where a sharp decline in seafood consumption is becoming a reality, sales promotion and promotional activities for safe aquatic products will also be expanded. Ahead of the Chuseok holiday, it was decided to hold a large-scale consumption promotion event to respond to the contraction in consumption of fishery products, while proposing compensation for damages in the mid- to long-term and government purchases of sluggish seafood products. “Not only sluggish production and sales of marine products, but also impacts on all areas such as distribution, industry, and tourism are expected,” said Mayor Myeonghyeon-gwan, county governor Myung Hyeon-gwan. Please be patient,” he begged.