International experts point out with one voice the dangers and problems of dumping contaminated water from Fukushima.Dr. Arjun Makhijani “The Multi-Nuclide Removal System (ALPS) will not work properly until 2018”On May 10, the Democratic Party Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Polluted Water Marine Dumping Countermeasures Committee, the Justice Party Fukushima Polluted Water Dumping Countermeasure Task Force, the Progressive Party, and the Japan Radioactive Water Marine Dumping Prevention Action, Fukushima polluted water marine dumping is approaching right before our eyes. International experts were invited to discuss the problems of dumping and the resulting damage, and an international forum was held.Arjun Makhijani, an advisory member of the PIF Scientist Panel, who initiated the first presentation, argued that the safety of contaminated water could not be confirmed with poor information provided by the Japanese government.He said, “The Japanese government says it will conduct tests on only 9 of the 64 radionuclides managed through ALPS (Multi-Nuclide Removal System), but the number of samples taken is also very insufficient. A 30L sample is taken only once per storage tank group, but only about 20% of the stored tanks are sampled. It is not possible to prove the safety of contaminated water with a small sample of contaminated water.”Dr. Arjun Makhijani said, “If we conduct tests with reduced radioactive materials, we need to monitor nuclides with short half-lives and prepare for the case of re-criticality. This is a very dangerous situation,” he stressed the seriousness of the problem.
He continued, “There is also a combination in the measurement of contaminated water. Generally, the ratio of strontium to cesium-137 is 1:1. In the contaminated water storage tank, the fluctuation of the ratio is large. However, this can cause a very serious problem, and this variability degrades the performance of ALPS. Sludge settled in the contaminated water storage tank is also a big problem. It is not known what effect particulates contained in sludge will have when polluted water is discharged. "Sludge can cause ALPS to fail and eventually clean up may not work properly," he pointed out.No matter how small the damage from contaminated water is, there are no expected benefits for countries other than Japan.Dr. Arjun Makhijani pointed out insufficient ecosystem impact assessment as the biggest reason not to discharge contaminated water into the ocean. He pointed out that it is not related to the ecosystem of the Pacific region,” and argued that “research on the biological enrichment of other radionuclides, including strontium, is also necessary.”Commissioner Sean Bunny "Tritium can cause more genetic damage""The Japanese government intentionally focuses only on tritium and emphasizes that the radiation effect is small and there is little damage," said Greenpeace Commissioner Son Bunny. “In particular, the energy emitted by tritium is weak, so it is clear that there is no need to worry. However, this can be applied in case of external exposure, and if tritium is ingested through skin, breathing, or contaminated food, it has a stronger radioactive effect than other radionuclides through internal exposure.”Citing Professor Musso's findings, Commissioner Sean Bunny argued that he analyzed more than 700,000 documents on radiation damage and that they spoke of genetic damage from tritium, even though the results of tritium damage studies were very small. Tritium has been clearly shown to cause cancer in experiments with small animals and mammals. However, there was no effect on people at all. It also points out that bioconcentration has not been studied. Commissioner Sean Bunny emphasized that “tritium is not safe.”In addition, he pointed out that there were deficiencies in the radiation impact assessment of TEPCO, such as the lack of a comprehensive evaluation of various items. “The discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima will end only after the remains of nuclear fuel are completely shielded or treated,” he said. “It is estimated that millions of tons of contaminated water will be released indefinitely. The Japanese government plans to decommission it by 2050, but there is no prospect that the decommissioning will be completed within this century. The discharge of contaminated water will continue,” he criticized.Lastly, it concluded that the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima is a violation of international law, so neighboring countries should file a complaint with the Japanese government that it is a violation of the United Nations Maritime Law.Hideyuki Ban, CEO of Nuclear Information and Data Center, who gave the third presentation, said that the impact of the Fukushima accident was very wide, deep, and serious, but he would only talk about the Fukushima contaminated water issue.Representative Hideyuki Ban “The Japanese government set the government policy on ocean dumping from the beginning”“Find an alternative (long-term storage, concreteization) that minimizes contact with people”Representative Ban Hideyuki said that the reason why the Japanese government is increasing contaminated water is that contaminated water is being created as groundwater in the area flows into the nuclear power plant facility where the accident occurred. In addition, the inflow of rainwater is also a reason for the increase in polluted water. In addition, the continuous use of cooling water to cool the heat of the nuclear power plant facility where the accident occurred was also suggested as a cause of the increase in contaminated water. Representative Ban Hideyuki pointed out that “the Japanese government is not recognizing it.” Criticism is that the Japanese government is ignoring the causes that could place responsibility on the Japanese government for the increase in contaminated water.He pointed out that the Japanese government had only marine discharge in mind from the beginning in the process of reviewing the treatment plan for the contaminated water. Currently, he criticized, “Japanese fisheries organizations, agricultural organizations, forestry organizations, etc. oppose the discharge of contaminated water, and there are voices of international opposition, but the Japanese government is trying to force the discharge into the sea.”“The Japanese government says it will complete the decommissioning of the Fukushima nuclear power plant by 2050, but until then, the number of contaminated water will inevitably continue to rise. However, it is highly likely that the decommissioning will not go as planned. That means that the discharge of contaminated water will continue for a longer period of time, not just 30 years. Because of this, the concentration of polluted water in the ocean will gradually increase. In addition, a long-term release follows, but the Japanese government does not disclose the total amount of radioactive material emitted. The Japanese government’s evaluation of the radiation impact following marine emissions is also a lump of flaws.”The Japanese government conducted a radiation impact assessment assuming that the problem of radiation impact assessment is a virtual box in the sea, and that when contaminated water is dumped, the contamination of the entire box spreads homogeneously at the same time. However, in reality, radioactive materials act differently depending on various factors such as ocean currents, seasonal effects, weather, and seabed topography.Representative Ban Hideyuki pointed out that the Japanese government must be lying that radioactively contaminated water is safe even if it is dumped into the sea.And he was concerned about the radioactivity of tritium alienation, especially for nuclides such as Uranium 238, Plutonium 239, and Americium 241. In the case of uranium, it has a half-life of 4.5 billion years, which means that it continues to divide and emit radiation for an unimaginable amount of time. Of course, it will cause serious environmental pollution. The Japanese government is ignoring this issue. He pointed out that this is the reason why the discharge of contaminated water into the ocean must be prevented, and argued that alternatives such as long-term storage of contaminated water should be found.In a Q&A, Commissioner Sean Bunny said that he fully agreed with the analogy that tritium is wrong because it is much less discharged from Korean nuclear power plants than from Japanese contaminated water. Tritium emission from nuclear power plants is a representative problem and damage of nuclear power plants, but 'even so, it cannot be a basis to justify Japan's intentional discharge of contaminated water into the sea' There is a huge difference in the amount of contaminated water,' he pointed out.During the discussion, Dr. Arjun Makhijani expressed his view that the release of contaminated water would violate the IAEA's GSG-8 guidelines. In response to the question of how to implement the justification and optimization requirements of the GSG-8 guidelines, Dr. Arjun Makhijani said, 'Even though the GSG-8 guidelines specify the duty not to cause trans-border pollution, the IAEA does not allow trans-border pollution. He pointed out that it is not properly analyzed in terms of cost-benefit and justification requirements unique to Japan, rather than an objective review.'‘The biggest problem is that the IAEA does not review any impact on countries other than Japan (Marshall Islands, Fiji, Korea, etc.), and countries other than Japan do not benefit from release at all,’ he pointed out.Regarding ALPS performance, Dr. Arjun Makhijani said that there was a record and TEPCO's acknowledgment that the ALPS system did not work properly until 2018. A panel of experts at the Pacific Islands Forum discussed, "concluding that ALPS treatment has not been sufficiently validated," raising questions such as the impact of sludge and whether the discharge of contaminated water meets even domestic safety regulations in Japan that has not been studied.Yang Won-young, a member of the Democratic Party of Korea who hosted the debate, said, “Only what has been confirmed, the contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant exceeds the standard value except for 34% even after going through the ALPS purification process.” We have clearly identified the problem of dumping at sea, and we will continue to contribute to the prevention of dumping at sea of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant through international solidarity.”




























