Began ocean discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima nuclear power plant... Operation of emergency situation room in South Gyeongsang Province Provincial reserve of 1.6 billion secured… Invest in countermeasures for sharp decline in local seafood consumption. As the Japanese government announced on the 24th that the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant would begin, South Gyeongsang Province prepared additional measures to promote consumption after the discharge of contaminated water to relieve residents' anxiety and promote consumption of marine products. The Gyeongsangnam-do Maritime and Fisheries Bureau held a press conference on the 23rd and briefed on countermeasures against the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant. Since the decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in April 2021, the province has been focusing its efforts on preparation by preparing a countermeasure for the discharge of contaminated water. In order to strengthen the safety of the seafood distribution stage, private radioactivity inspections are being expanded to seafood consignments before distribution. In addition, along with the operation of a seafood radioactivity test observation system involving citizens, the platform for providing radiation safety information to the provincial website is being greatly improved to strengthen communication with the citizens of the province. We are focusing on revitalizing seafood consumption and responding to contraction. However, in spite of these measures, as the date of discharge of contaminated water was confirmed on the 24th, in order to relieve the citizens' concerns, strengthening the safety of citizens, strengthening support for the fisheries industry, establishing countermeasures after the discharge of contaminated water with an emphasis on promoting consumption and expanding sales of marine products We plan to move forward with speed. For active on-site response after the discharge of contaminated water, the provincial government has established a provincial-city-gun joint emergency situation room consisting of 15 people in 3 groups at the Provincial Fisheries Safety Technology Institute to expand radiation inspections of aquatic products in the production stage, strengthen crackdowns on the country of origin of imported aquatic products from Japan, and conduct radiation inspection events with citizens of the province. It plans to relieve anxiety by thoroughly inspecting and monitoring the safety of fishery products and imported fishery products from Japan, such as expansion. In particular, the radioactivity test of aquatic products observed by residents is broadcast live through the official YouTube channel of Gyeongsangnam-do Province, so that even residents who have difficulty participating in the field can directly check it through broadcasting, which is expected to strengthen the citizens' trust in the safety of radioactive aquatic products in the province. In addition, it plans to select and commission 60 private honorary observers to control the origin of imported marine products, such as those from Japan, and work from September to the end of the year in all cities and counties. Electronic signboards in all cities and counties in the province are used to increase exposure frequency so that residents can easily access them, and food service companies are using SNS and text messages to quickly disseminate seafood radiation safety information. Along with this, QR codes that can directly check radiation safety information in Gyeongsangnam-do are inserted into promotional materials that indicate the safety of marine products and country of origin, which are produced by the province, to increase accessibility to the latest radiation-related information. The province is doing its best to prepare countermeasures through the designation of an 'industrial crisis preemptive response area' as there is concern about damage caused by contraction of the fisheries industry in the province due to unclear information related to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant. Currently, related laws and notifications are regulated with a focus on the mining industry, such as manufacturing, and there are difficulties in applying the basis for support to primary industries such as fisheries. An amendment to the law was proposed to include In September, we plan to prepare support measures for the fisheries industry by concentrating our administrative power to designate it as an “industrial crisis preemptive response area” by promoting the revision of relevant enforcement ordinances and notifications through proposals from government ministries such as the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. As the provincial government is expected to inevitably see a sharp decrease in consumption of fishery products due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean, it is the first local government to secure a provincial reserve of 1.6 billion won and focus on promoting local aquatic product consumption from September to December. First, with plans to promote discount promotions for seafood products in the province through online and offline distributors, business agreements were signed with the Korea Chain Store Association and the Gyeongnam Merchants Association for the promotions. The agreement is also expected to be signed in August-September. In addition, when aquatic products are delivered to cafeterias of related large orporations in shipbuilding, defense, and nuclear power plants in the province, the difference between the company's delivery price and the market price is supported to promote aquatic product consumption by securing a stable consumption channel. In addition, promotion of local seafood consumption is promoted by provincial large-scale discount promotion events in conjunction with events such as regional festivals in the province to promote consumption of seafood products. Meanwhile, the provincial government held seminars in Changwon and Tongyeong by inviting experts in the field of radioactivity and fisheries in order to secure the safety of citizens and respond to the decline in consumption of fishery products. We plan to provide a forum for communication with Kim Je-hong, director of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau, said, “At the time when radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant began to be discharged into the sea, we will conduct more thorough inspections and closely monitor to respond to the sharp decline in local seafood consumption and relieve citizens’ anxiety about seafood safety. We will do our best to make it possible,” he said.