SEOUL, Jan. 18 (Yonhap) -- The anti-corruption investigation office has raided the office of Marine Corps Commandant Lt. Gen. Kim Kye-hwan over an alleged influence-peddling case related to the death of a young Marine last year, multiple sources said Thursday.The Corruption Investigation Office for High-ranking Officials (CIO) searched Kim's office at the Marine Corps headquarters in Hwaseong, some 40 kilometers south of Seoul, Wednesday to seize documents and files related to the case, according to the sources familiar with the matter.In October, Col. Park Jung-hun, the Marines' former top investigator, was indicted on charges of insubordination and defamation of his superior after he handed over the probe findings regarding the death of Cpl. Chae Su-geun to the civilian police despite Defense Minister Lee Jong-sup's orders to the Marine Corps' top commander to hold it off for more legal deliberations. Marine Corps Commandant Lt. Gen. Kim Kye-hwan delivers a speech during an event held in Daejeon National Cemetery in Daejeon, 164 kilometers south of Seoul, on Nov. 23, 2023. (Yonhap) Park spearheaded the preliminary probe into what contributed to Chae's death in July 2023 while on a mission to search for victims of downpours, which sparked criticism that his commanders pushed for the risky operation without proper safety measures. His initial investigation found the commander of the 1st Marine Division and other senior officials were responsible for negligent homicide and other charges, and reported it Lee on July 30.Lee initially approved the probe result, then reversed his decision a day after citing a need for further review, but Park transferred the records to the police anyway and came under investigation on the charge of disobeying orders.Park was also accused of defaming the minister after the former Marine investigator told media he felt pressure to remove the division commander from a list of people found responsible for the death.Earlier this week, the CIO conducted searches at the residence and office of Yoo Jae-eun, the defense ministry's general counsel, and at the office of Park Jin-hee, a former aide to ex-minister Lee, to look into their involvement in the case.Park's first trial was held in early December, and the second trial is scheduled for Feb. 1, with the Marines commandant expected to testify as a witness.
