Seo Sam-seok “Pushing for a public passenger ferry system, only 211, or 45%, of the 464 ports in the country where passenger ships call at inhabited islands”A representative proposal for the Passenger Ship Public Manufacturing Act, a national task... Needs to be introduced quickly There are concerns about withdrawal of even general routes due to the profitability of operators.In order to quickly realize the public operation system for coastal passenger ships, a law amendment is being promoted to designate auxiliary routes for which the government supports some costs as public routes.Representative Seo Sam-seok of the Democratic Party of Korea (Yeongam, Muan, and Shinan) of the National Assembly's Agriculture, Food, Rural Affairs, Oceans and Fisheries Committee proposed the “Partial Amendment to the Shipping Act” containing these contents on the 19th. This is part of the follow-up legislative action that Rep. Seo Sam-seok has been requesting for improvement in the desperate transportation situation of island residents since 2018 at the Standing Committee on Agriculture, Water and Fisheries and the National Assembly Audit.The current law allows the government to designate auxiliary routes for which certain costs are supported, select operating operators, and support all or part of the construction costs for ships in order to secure maritime transportation for island residents. However, despite the fact that passenger ships, a means of maritime transportation, were incorporated into the Public Transportation Act of 2021, the transportation situation for island residents is becoming worse. Currently, the number of manned islands where passenger ships call is at 211, or 45% of the total 464, which is insufficient. This is a decrease of 6 places compared to 217 places in 2019, 4 years ago.In addition, as most of the operators are small, there are concerns about business withdrawal due to profitability even in the case of general routes that do not receive government support. In fact, the number of general routes in 2023 is 74, a decrease of 3 compared to 77 in 2020, three years ago.The amendment designates existing auxiliary routes as public routes to strengthen state responsibility for maritime traffic, while entrusting the operation of public routes to public institutions designated by the state.Rep. Seo Sam-seok said, “Although the current government announced the introduction of a public passenger ferry system as a national task, the implementation is sluggish without considering the desperate situation of the island residents.” He added, “We urge the state to take responsibility for the island residents’ basic transportation rights and the right to pursue happiness.” Meanwhile, we proposed an amendment to quickly introduce a public passenger ship system,” he said, explaining the background to the bill.Meanwhile, on the same day, Rep. Seo Sam-seok proposed four amendments in addition to the Shipping Act. The amendment to the 「Immigration Control Act」 provides permanent residency to foreign workers who have worked for more than a certain period of time as an alternative to supplement the shortage of manpower in rural areas, while simplifying the entry process so that it can be done electronically. The amendment to the Special Act on Support for Decreased Population Areas stipulates that operators and local governments operating auxiliary routes be supported with navigation and ship building costs for the convenience of island residents. The amendment to the 「Infant Child Care Act」 provides support for lodging and transportation expenses for experiential learning for infants and toddlers in order to bridge the child care gap between islands and rural areas and cities, and provides a basis for support for child care staff. The amendment to the Marine Environment Management Act requires that pollution prevention facilities be installed when installing marine facilities and that the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries conduct regular safety inspections. 
















































