In a press release dated June 7, the Minsaeng Party announced, “On June 1, the Minsaeng Party announced the ‘Minseng Party Jeju Marado Declaration Against Ocean Dumping of Contaminated Water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan’ in Marado, the southernmost tip of Korea. About 40 people, including co-representatives Kim Jeong-gi, Lee Gwan-seung, and Choi Sang-im, senior members of the Central Party, Jeju Provincial Party Chairman Yang Yun-nyeong, and city and provincial party officials, attended the event.” The “Picket March Against Marine Dumping of Contaminated Water from the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant in Japan” around the road ended with enthusiastic responses from Marado residents, student school trip groups visiting Marado, and tourists.” Yang Yun-nyeong, chairman of the Jeju Provincial Party, said in the purpose of the Jeju Marado Declaration against the ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, “In the sea of Marado, which is at the forefront of the Pacific Ocean, the souls and breaths of Jeju haenyeo and the joys and sorrows of fishermen are piled up, and countless lives are living in the sea and swirling. The Pacific remembers the life of Jeju people who crossed the rough waves and the historical traces of Japanese exploitation,” he said. I will press the Japanese government while fighting until the end of the relay, protect the marine ecosystem and the safety of the people and the right to live of fishermen together with local residents, and spread public opinion of opposition to elicit a decision from President Seok-yeol Yoon to think only of the country and the people.”. Co-CEO Kim Jeong-gi said in his greeting, “Japan still has no reflection on its past history, and Fukushima, which destroys the Pacific ecosystem and threatens fatal pain and safety to neighboring countries by caring for its own interests again before washing away the pain of the people around it. We are preparing for ocean dumping of contaminated water from nuclear power plants,” he emphasized. The best way to protect safety and the right to live of Jeju residents is to fundamentally prevent ocean dumping.” “We warn the Japanese government. Japanese Prime Minister Kishida should accept the demand to give up the ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant and store it on land, which the world and the Japanese people are also concerned about,” he added. Lee Kwan-seung, co-CEO, said, “Due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Japanese nuclear power plant, Marado and Korea’s lotus root waters are unexpectedly in danger of survival. It is impossible. The Yoon Seok-yeol government's inspection team for contaminated water at Japanese nuclear power plants ended up with an empty-handed inspection. There is a K-conscience created by the people. Foreigners visiting Korea are surprised by Koreans who leave valuables in public places and do not steal them. The K-conscience created by these great Koreans is being defiled by the Yoon Seok-yeol government. They are selling K-conscience to cover the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, whose safety has not been verified at all.” He strongly condemned President Seok-Yeol Yoon for abandoning his conscience acting under the pretext of restoring diplomatic relations with Japan and selling his conscience to look after Japan's situation and pushing his people to the brink.” Co-CEO Choi Sang-im said, “The world environmental organization Greenpeace, Japanese fishermen, the Pacific Islands Forum (PIF), which consists of 18 countries, including Australia and New Zealand, and nuclear experts and marine biology scientists from countries around the world, including China and the Pacific Rim, also disagree. is presenting The Japanese government should deal with the problem of nuclear power plant contaminated water treatment not by considering economic feasibility, but only by considering safety,” he said. It leaned toward the position of the Japanese government. The multi-nuclide removal system (ALPS) claimed by the Japanese government deceives the international community and misleads the Pacific Islands and coastal states, knowing that not all radioactivity is processed and that tritium and carbon 14 are not filtered out, but it is safe. ” claimed. Eun Young-ni, chairman of the Women’s Committee of the Jeju Provincial Party, Seong-joon Park (Busan), and Byeong-hwa Park, secretary-general of the South Jeolla Province Party, said, “We demand the Japanese government, the International Atomic Energy Agency, and the South Korean government through the Minsaeng Party Jeju Marado Declaration against the ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan.” The Japanese government should pay attention to the current movements of the international community. The international community is preparing to file a complaint with the International Court of Law of the Sea and demand compensation from the Japanese government for violating the UN International Law of the Sea, saying that the dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is an international crime. As a result, the Japanese government is expected to have an aftermath that is difficult to handle, so for the sake of global citizens and the global community, give up ocean dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which will cause catastrophe to human and sea life, and switch to long-term storage policy on land. International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA) seeks an international solution to the claim that the Japanese government's enforcement of sea dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is due to the enormous disposal costs, and the International Atomic Energy Agency is also seeking a flaw in the status of the exemplary IAEA trusted by all countries. Prevent the Japanese government from dumping at sea by presenting strict and objective scientific grounds for the contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan to prevent this from happening It declared that it should play a central role in solidarity with more than 70 civic groups in the U.S. that oppose ocean dumping, including Greenpeace, and 18 Pacific Islands Forum countries such as Australia and New Zealand, as well as Pacific coastal countries such as China, Russia, and India.”