Daewoo E&C completes accident-free construction of maritime bridge in Mumbai, India. Break News Reporter Moon Hong-cheol= Daewoo Engineering & Construction completed the ‘Mumbai Sea Bridge’, India’s longest sea bridge. Daewoo Engineering & Construction announced on the 23rd that it participated in this construction in 2018 as a joint venture with TATA Projects Limited, a construction subsidiary of Tata Group, one of India's largest groups, and completed the construction, which took about 69 months, with no accidents. Daewoo E&C was responsible for the construction, design, procurement, and process management of the 7.8km main line and one interchange among the 21.8km, 6-lane, round-trip sea bridge, which is the most difficult course. Daewoo E&C applied the PSM (Precast Segment Method) method to the Mumbai site to minimize damage to the mangrove forests, the ‘lungs of the Earth’, which have excellent carbon absorption capacity, and to minimize marine pollution. The PSM method involves manufacturing a bridge superstructure (segment) of a certain length at a factory, transporting it to the site, and then connecting the segments with a crane for construction. The biggest difficulties during construction were travel restrictions due to the coronavirus and India's unusual climate phenomenon. During the COVID19 period, problems arose in the supply chain of steel top plates, a foreign material, but Daewoo E&C secured supplies by discovering various procurement routes including Korea, Japan, Vietnam, and Myanmar. In addition, India has a monsoon period (June to September) with strong winds and persistent heavy rain. During this period, it was impossible to install steel decks and concrete segments, which posed a risk of delay. However, Daewoo E&C shortened the transportation time by analyzing sea level tidal differences and optimizing barge routes, and finally achieved completion in January of this year. Mumbai is India's representative economic city and a city famous for its film industry. The area is smaller than Seoul, but the population is larger, so the Indian government of Maharashtra built Navi Mumbai to relieve urban overcrowding in Mumbai. The opening of the Mumbai Sea Bridge is expected to dramatically improve the logistics and transportation infrastructure around Navi Mumbai, with the travel time between Mumbai, India and Navi Mumbai significantly reduced from 2 hours to 30 minutes. After completion, the bridge opening ceremony was held on the 12th, hosted by Indian Prime Minister Modi, and was attended by political figures from the Indian federal government and the Maharashtra state government, as well as major figures from the Indian business community. 