NAPA announced that it participated in the ‘23rd International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE 2023)’ held at BEXCO in Busan for 4 days from Tuesday, October 24th to Friday, 27th.Napa is a leading maritime software and data services provider for ship operation and design with over 30 years of experience. Headquartered in Finland, it combines expertise in naval architecture, fleet operations and digital services to conduct research and development to enable safe, sustainable and future-ready transportation.At this exhibition, Napa actively promoted solutions for ship operation and design.First and foremost, Napa leads sustainable and safe maritime operations through solutions for ship operations. It can take safety, fuel efficiency and sustainability to the next level, while providing actionable insights that deliver cost savings of up to 30%.The solutions for ship operations are △NAPA Fleet Information △NAPA Navigation Optimization △NK-NAPA GREEN Class △NAPA Stability △NAPA Emergency Computer △NAPA Logbook.An official said, “Safety, fuel efficiency, and eco-friendliness are key priorities for today’s ship owners, operators, and shipbuilders,” and went on to further emphasize that, “As the maritime industry is facing pressure to decarbonize, it is important to optimize ship efficiency and minimize risks.” .At KORMARINE 2023, Napa actively promoted solutions for ship operation as well as ship design. | Photo - Aving NewsNapa's solution for ship design in action | Photo - Aving News Napa's solutions for ship design support 3D modeling and design capabilities that optimize the design process. We combine comprehensive ship design knowledge and extensive technical capabilities to ensure that the ships our customers design are safe, competitive, and maximize performance.Accordingly, by using a purpose-designed 3D model, more accurate results can be obtained in the early stages of design, and by organizing design information into a single 3D model, human errors can be prevented when updating and/or changing the design, thus allowing users to experience improved design quality.
In addition, the company said, “The shipbuilding industry is designed in compliance with complex rules and regulations of international standards. The core of our business is providing support for these related rules.” Further stating, “We provide analysis of data collected for ship operation and help designers design ships more appropriately for use in the real world.”Continuing with, “The shipbuilding and marine industry is facing a variety of challenging problems,” and “NAPA can compensate and respond to problems through software, as well as provide significant insight and help to those involved in the shipbuilding industry to grow to the next level.” It was elaborated.Meanwhile, the International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE) is an exhibition that has grown along with the domestic shipbuilding and maritime industry over the past 40 years. KORMARINE 2023, co-hosted by Busan City, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency, Korea Shipbuilding and Offshore Plant Association, Korea Shipbuilding and Marine Equipment Industry Cooperative, Lead K Fairs Co., Ltd. and BEXCO, focused on domestic and overseas shipbuilding, offshore plants and marine energy, showing off cutting-edge equipment and new technologies.




