Interview with Dr. Arjun Makhijani Radionuclides invisible to the human eye are dumped into the sea. The ocean has the resilience of diluting the waste to some extent. But what if that waste is dumped for a long time and spread over a large area? What if the lifetime of radionuclides is much longer than humans imagine? Through the food chain, these substances accumulated in living things will reach humans who are fed by the sea. It will be more fatal for vulnerable people such as children. There are no studies examining the long-term effects of such radionuclides on marine ecosystems and humans. Isn’t it strange that you are not anxious?Research and discussions by scientists and experts groups on the radioactive contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant revolve around all these things that go beyond human intuition. Ordinary people have no choice but to pay attention to their views. Many scientists from the International Atomic Energy Agency(IAEA), Tokyo Electric Power Company(TEPCO), and Korean inspection teams are absorbed in this issue. However, it is difficult to see that all of them are fully trusted by citizens. It’s not about their sincerity or ability. Distrust in the nuclear field is more deeply rooted than any other field. This is because there is a history of many accidents being covered up and data being manipulated. That is why the voice of an independent scientist who has spoken with a sense of responsibility is important.This is why we paid attention to the views of Arjun Makizani, an American nuclear engineer. After more than 50 years of nuclear research, he analyzed data from Fukushima contaminated water samples as part of an Expert Panel for the Pacific Islands Forum, which is composed of 18 pacific island countries. The Panel has held several meetings with TEPCO and the IAEA so far. He did not exaggerate the threat of contaminated water. Nor did they say that there was a perfect, risk-free solution. However, he pointed out the problems with TEPCO’s marine discharge plan and said that there are better alternatives. If the IAEA only applies their safety guidelines with proper manner, the current radioactive contaminated water discharge plan should be put on hold. The interview was conducted through several e-mail exchanges from May 21st to 29th.-Japan takes issue with the fact that only Fukushima radioactive contaminated water should not be discharged for the reason of tritium in a situation where there is a lot of tritium in nuclear power plants in other sites. Isn’t there a fundamental difference between the radioactive water from accident nuclear power plants and ordinary nuclear power plants?“As it stands it carries a huge load of radionuclides because the water contamination results from cooling molten fuel. This is fundamentally different from nuclear power plant discharges which are either of primary reactor water which is filtered of radioactive contamination routinely and contains only trace amounts of radionuclides other than tritium or spent fuel pool water, which is basically similar. In these routine cases, the cooling water is separated from the fuel which contains fission products by the fuel rods and the ceramic fuel pellets themselves. The cooling water does not come into contact with fission products, uranium, plutonium, etc.Reactor primary water radioactivity contents are well known. This is not the case with the water in the tanks at Fukushima. The Expert Panel has pointed out numerous times that it is essential to get much better knowledge of the radioactivity concentrations and amounts before starting ALPS processing of the tank contents. But the IAEA and TEPCO believe that this is not necessary. The Expert Panel has pointed out that a variety of factors such as the presence of sludges in some tanks and the high variation in strontium-90/cesium-137 ratios that is still unexplained requires thorough knowledge of the source term.”-Why is it important to have much better knowledge of contaminated water BEFORE ALPS treatment?
“It is important to know what will be the varieties of input to the ALPS system; that way the ALPS system can be tested with the different types and concentrations of radionuclides. Two examples:As the Expert Panel has noted, the ratios of strontium-90 to cesium-137 vary by tens of thousands of times. Will the ALPS system be able to handle the variety of inputs in a single pass? When the Expert Panel has raised this question, we have been told both by TEPCO and the IAEA that this doesn’t matter. If the treated water does not meet the decontamination criteria, then it will be processed again. How many times? We have been told it will be processed as many times as necessary. This is not a scientifically or operationally sound way to proceed. Repeated treatment would mean increasing the time over which discharges would occur, increasing the cost, and potentially finding the ALPS system is not adequate to do the job for some parts of the water to be treated. Then what?Many tanks contain sludges. TEPCO has admitted that the tanks in the initial years up to 2013 or 2014 contain sludges. Pumping out the water from these tanks could result in particulate loading of the water going into ALPS. This could prevent ALPS from functioning properly, or perhaps from functioning at all. So far as the Expert Panel has been given to understand, the ALPS system has not been tested with this water. It is essential that it be tested to know if it will function and what modifications may be needed if it does not.
It is a very elementary scientific and operational principle that you should know the inputs to your system and test it for those inputs. In my view, it is imprudent and risky to put it off to sampling post-treatment. What has been shocking to me is that the IAEA has gone along with TEPCO and has not requested, much less insisted, that the contents of the tanks be well understood and the ALPS system be properly tested with that knowledge.”-How well do you think ALPS is working?
“ALPS is a complex system. It has not worked uniformly well in the initial years and then until 2018. Its testing has been very limited. Its response to suspended particulates from tanks containing sludges has not been tested so far as the Expert Panel’s information goes. This is different from routine discharges from nuclear power plants where the filtration systems are well tested for the purpose and the source term is reasonably well understood and the amounts measured and reported in annual environmental reports to the NRC. Even this system could use improvement, but that is a story for another day.It is true that if ALPS works as TEPCO anticipates and the remaining water is diluted, then the remaining water will contain mainly tritium and traces of radionuclides. However, variety of radionuclides, including plutonium isotopes, strontiuim-90 and cesium-137 are present greater in the Fukushima water. A great deal depends on how well the ALPS system will work; it needs to be tested more intensively. In any case, the fact the other countries are doing it does not justify TEPCO doing it. In my analysis, dumping tritium-contaminated radioactive water into the oceans creates transboundary harm, including to non-nuclear power countries, which receive no benefits from the power. Thus it does not meet the justification requirement of IAEA’s General Safety Guide 8 (GSG-8) whenever there is transboundary harm. Japan’s NRA is obliged to take this into account. So should the IAEA.“-Did you just term it as ‘dumping tritium-contaminated radioactive water’ into the oceans?
“Yes, please note that I use the word “dumping” to describe the TEPCO plan advisedly, with the precedent of the title of the London anti-dumping convention: “Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Matter 1972”. You can call it “releases” or “discharges” when done via a pipe as have become the official custom, despite the treaty. But if you put the radioactive waste in a barrel, go out to sea and throw it overboard, it would technically be called “dumping.” In my view, putting radioactive waste into the ocean via a pipe does not change the reality that it is dumping. So we should call it that and be clear with the public what is actually proposed even though the pipe, or tunnel in this case, is out of sight. What TEPCO proposes is most accurately described as dumping of ALPS-treated radioactively contaminated water. Calling it something else does not change that reaility.”-In the case of the Indian Point nuclear power plant in the New York State, which is being decommissioned, it is not an accident nuclear power plant, but the plan to discharge contaminated water was recently put on hold. It looks like the result of the political world responding to pressure from civil society. It is of course different from the Fukushima case in that it is not an accident nuclear power plant and it would not have immediate international cross-border impacts for now. But could it still have any implication on the Fukushima case?“It does have implications for Fukushima in many ways. The U.S. government is going along with the TEPCO dumping plan. But for Indian Point, public pressure has put the dumping on hold. It is my understanding that in addition to any review by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the State of New York will do its own environmental review on which the public will have a right to comment. A permit, or modification of an existing permit, is also be to needed from the U.S. EPA. All this has happened even though the amount of water and the amount of tritium involved is much smaller at Indian Point. The parallel of State of New York review would be if the local prefecture were to do its own review of the TEPCO plan and allow public input, including from fishing communities. It is also very interesting that Japan’s Ministry of the Environment EPA appears to have no real authority on the TEPCO plan. The U.S. EPA has wide authority on clean water issues.”-Some nuclear experts like Kang Jung-min, former NRC chairman of South Korea who often works with Frank Von Hippel of Princeton, suspects that Japanese government intends to show that tritium is safe with the discharge plan, before it starts operating Rokkasho plutonium reprocessing facility in Aomori. Do you think that he has a point?“I have not thought about this, but it is quite possible that this may be one of the motives. Even if it is not an explicit motive, proceeding with the Fukushima dumping will set a precedent for Rokkasho and open the way for an even larger ocean contamination problem.”-You have been studying the issue of radiation exposure from nuclear weapons explosion tests in the Pacific Islands region done for a long time. It would be difficult to simply compare the two issues. But don’t you think that one country’s actions, be it nuclear weapons or power plants, would be the same in violating the well-being of not only the marine ecosystem but also the people of many other countries who depend on it. In any case, can the discharge of contaminated water from a nuclear power plant be viewed as a less worrisome issue than a nuclear weapons test in terms of radiation exposure?“Of course, nuclear weapons testing created vast physical damage to several countries in the Pacific region, released vast amounts of radioactivity. The radioactive, social, economic and health damage from that continues. I think it is improper to compare the testing, which should never had been done in non-nuclear countries, if it had to be done at all. The TEPCO plan would add insult and injury to past insult and injury. To say that this injury and harm would be smaller cannot justify it. It is on top of existing injury. The logic of adding to existing injury is the same as that which is used to dump more pollution and waste on communities that are already over-burdened with harms and pollution.”-Then what is your alternative?“Those who create the pollution should be responsible for it. What is specially shocking to me in this case is that the Expert Panel has proposed an approach that would avoid transboundary harm - treat the water with ALPS and then make concrete with it. TEPCO has refused to consider it. They even incorrectly stated in our last meeting (in April 2023) that they had already considered such a plan. But they have not. The TEPCO plan was to mix UNTREATED water with cement for disposal in soil. The Expert Panel proposal is to treat the water first. The tritium contaminated radioactive water is used to make concrete with low potential for human contact. That option, concrete with treated water, would produce essentially zero public doses since tritium beta particles would not penetrate out of the concrete. It would also avoid ocean pollution with radioactivity.”-There seems to be inherent limitations of the IAEA, which aims to promote the nuclear power industry while keeping the safety of nuclear power plants.“The IAEA does have a clear mission conflict when it comes to nuclear power. Director General Grossi essentially endorsed the TEPCO plan in April 2021 even before the water Task Force had been formed, saying that such discharges were being done by countries with nuclear power “under firm regulatory control”; on that basis he pronounced the plan as “technically feasible.” Yet he also said it was “unique and complex” If it was unique and complex, how did he decide it was technically feasible before a single visit to Fukushima to evaluate the plan against IAEA guidelines had been done? Why is it that GSG-8 transboundary considerations have not been taken into account? Indeed, the transboundary aspect of GSG-8 is not mentioned in IAEA mission reports and the entire discussion and assessment since 2021 has been to review the matter accepting that the dumping will occur. Keeping radiation doses low has only been considered in this context. In fact, GSG-8 requires that doses be kept “as low as reasonably achievable” (ALARA). They would be essentially zero with the Expert Panel option of making concrete with low human contact potential. The U.S. NRC requires consideration of alternatives as part of ALARA evaluation. The IAEA has not. Nuclear power promotion and regulation were separated in the United States in the 1970s, partly because of a major safety-related scandal in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Now, promotion is in the Department of Energy and regulation is in the NRC. By this measure, the IAEA charter requiring it to promote nuclear energy is not well suited to the present situation. Making a determination that the dumping was not justified would impact other countries that are also releasing tritium to the oceans including the United States, France, Britain, and South Korea among others. The IAEA appears reluctant to do so even to the extent of sidelining its own guidance in GSG-8.The present situation with Fukushima is unique; it is the result of a massive multiple meltdown accident. The IAEA could still choose to take GSG-8 and transboundary issues into account and then consider how to extend the lessons to other countries. But it has given no indication of doing that. It is missing a major opportunity to show that it can separate its nuclear power promotion from its safety and ecological guidance.”-South Korean President Yoon Suk-yoel often says that if we leave it to IAEA, which is a fair and objective rule-setter/manager on the matter, it will be a scientific verification of safety of the water discharge, and you just have to accept it. What do you think is the problem of the statement?“This is a very limited statement which is a problem from the safety point of view, especially for transboundary issues. It accepts the dumping of radioactive water as a given and considers “safety” in that context. But IAEA’s GSG-8 requires safety to be considered in the context of justification - which the TEPCO plan fails - and optimization, which requires consideration of ALARA and alternatives that could reduce dose below the TEPCO plan if they are technically feasible. This requires the Expert Panel suggested concrete option to be evaluated by Japan’s NRA. The IAEA should have insisted on it. It has failed to do so; on the contrary Director General Gross endorsed the plan in concept even before any evaluation visits, which have been confined to issues within the framework of the TEPCO plan and not GSG-8. This is most unfortunate.”-What motivated you to come up with the idea for the book published in 2007? To what extent do you think the direction of the energy policy proposed in the book was accepted in the United States?“This is explained in the preface to the book. Nuclear power takes very long, is costly, and makes long-lived fission products and plutonium, which can be used in weapons, if separated - as indeed Japan, France, and some other countries have done. It creates present and intergenerational security and environmental issues that are very serious. Every 1,000 MW light water nuclear power reactor creates about 30 nuclear bombs worth of plutonium every year.
One reason to urgently address the greenhouse gas problem is that we should not be enjoying the use of fossil fuels while our children and grandchildren and future generations have to deal with the huge costs of severe climate change. The issue with nuclear is similar. We should not be enjoying the use of nuclear energy while leaving the problems of plutonium and long-lived radioactive wastes and long-lived contamination from fission products and uranium mining and milling wastes to future generations. So I looked at whether it was possible to conceive of an energy system without fossil fuels and nuclear. Since 2007 I have done a lot more work on this issues. Given the low cost of solar and wind, the declining cost of storage and smart grid technologies, like vehicle to grid and highly efficient heat pumps, a transition to a fully renewable and efficient energy system is possible. My detailed work with hour-by-hour modeling was published in 2016: Prosperous, Renewable Maryland.”-The Korean team has just returned from Fukushima. They have yet to report to Korean parliament. One thing seems to be apparent: they didn’t pay much attention to the water tank before ALPS treatment. I think that the Korean team doesn’t want to go beyond the IAEA mission area. Would there still be a constructive role for them to play?“It is interesting that they talked about “a situation of anomaly” ? which appears to mean a situation in which the ALPS system does not work. But what the Expert Panel has been saying is that it is too late at that point. The time to make sure it works against the variety of situations that may be encountered is now. I cannot tell from this brief report whether that question was raised but it appears not to be. It is a stretch to call a brief visit “an inspection.” You cannot call it an inspection of ALPS functioning if it is not testing the tank contents of difficult tanks like the ones with sludges or high strontium/cesium ratio s , during the visit, take input and output samples and have them independently analyzed in third party laboratories. Without that kind of process, a claim of inspecting t he purification system is not operationally meaningful. So it will be interesting to hear the detailed explanation of what was done to make this visit an actual inspection. I’d be happy to elaborate further after the official explanation is provided. It would be unfortunate if they did not go beyond the IAEA’s approach, which is very limited and has not considered the transboundary implications in the GSG-8 framework. The IAEA not examining those implications is mysterious because in its February 2023 slide deck (attached in pdf form) the IAEA says that GSG-8 is one of the relevant standards that should be applied to this case (see slide 48). So if the Korean team were to take that at face value, then it should examine the justification and optimization criteria from the point of view of Pacific region countries; that is, after all the most important aspect for Korea and Pacific Island Forum members. Let’s see what is said in the report to Parliament. If GSG-8 is not included, perhaps this omission will be remedied during the South-Korea-PIF summit.”-After the report and suggestions of the Pacific Islands Expert Panel, including you, awareness of this issue has increased among citizens around the world, including Korea. In fact, there are no people who are directly affected by this release as much as the citizens of the 18 Pacific Island Countries. Later this month, the first summit of the Korea-Pacific Islands Forum will be held in Seoul. What kind of agreement do you hope to reach at this meeting regarding the Fukushima contaminated water issue?“I think my answers above indicate what I think should be done. The PIF and Korea can ask the IAEA to do a GSG-8 evaluation regarding justification from a transboundary perspective and optimization from and ALARA perspective.”-Thank you for joining us.“It was a lot of questions, but they are important ones and it is my pleasure to answer them for you. This is such an important moment.”







