Chairman Soon-Yeol Lee “Can Sejong citizens eat seafood with confidence?” Mayor Choi Min-ho does not express his position on discharging Fukushima contaminated water, only saying to trust the government. Sejong City has a team and staff dedicated to preventing the illegal distribution of Japanese marine products and cracking down on the country of origin. Citizen safety takes a backseat... No preemptive response and insufficient follow-up measures. Controversy over poor administration. Chairman Lee Sun-yeol of Sejong City Council pointed out that Sejong City is responding laxly to food safety while public concerns about the safety of marine products have increased again due to the re-discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, Japan, and criticized Sejong City's immature administration. Chairman Lee Soon-yeol inspected Sejong City's response to the safety of Sejong City's marine products and processed products in celebration of Dokdo Day on the 25th, but took issue with the administrative power and lukewarm and formal response that did not meet citizens' expectations and expectations. According to data released by Sejong City Council, Sejong City responded to the ‘data and crackdown performance related to imported marine products’ that Sejong City ‘does not have relevant statistical data under management.’ He pointed out that it was confirmed that the status was not even managed. In addition, since the discharge of contaminated water from a Japanese nuclear power plant last September, there has been no discussion between relevant departments until recently, and it is known that there has been no review of expanding dedicated personnel, expanding the number of inspections, or disclosing investigation results to the public. In addition, the 'Natural Disaster Division (1 person)' and 'Animal Hygiene and Quarantine Division (1 person)' are responsible for cracking down on the origin of marine products, the 'Health Policy Division (1 person)' for general foods, and the 'Local Food Division (1 person)' for public meals. It was structured to be collected irregularly by the Office of Education and inspected by the 'Health and Environment Research Institute (1 person)'. Since the person in charge was carrying out two to three tasks in parallel, there was virtually no dedicated manpower, and the issue of neglect of safety management began to emerge. Recently, controversy arose when it was revealed to the media that a large ship filled with ballast water (sea water) off the coast of six prefectures near Fukushima and then dumped 1.28 million tons into the sea off the coast of Korea. What is even more shocking is that the discharge of ballast water off Fukushima reached 6,703 tons, raising public anxiety about the safety of not only imported Japanese products but also domestic marine products. Chairman Lee Sun-yeol said, “The Yoon Seok-yeol government is responding in a lukewarm and perfunctory manner to the safety of Japanese marine products and processed products.” He added, “I hope that Sejong City will not only respond lukewarmly as the government follows, but will speak out for its citizens and take preemptive measures. “He said. He continued, “Other local governments, including Busan, Gyeongnam, Gyeongbuk, and Chungnam, have formed departments dedicated to responding to Fukushima radiation, and have significantly expanded testing equipment and manpower, making test results public every day.” “We need to prepare measures to thoroughly respond and ensure food safety,” he ordered.

