The Incheon Maritime Traffic Control Center of the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency announced that it caught Captain A (male, 56 years old) operating a tug while drunk in the sea in front of Incheon Port at 8:34 a.m. on the 4th.According to the Central Coast Guard, the Incheon Port Maritime Traffic Control Center (Incheon Port VTS) suspected that the tug line length of the tug vessel sailing at Incheon South Port, which departed Incheon South Port at 6:51 a.m. on November 4, exceeded 200 meters, and reported by radio We provided continuous guidance and guidance to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations.However, at 7:11 a.m. on the same day, as a result of checking the CCTV footage of the tugboat passing through Incheon Bridge, it was confirmed that the tugboat line exceeded 200 meters in length and was still operating, and requested the Central Coast Guard General Situation Room to crack down on the violation of navigation rules. .Incheon Marine Police Station 121, which was dispatched after receiving a crackdown request, conducted a breathalyzer test at approximately 8:34 a.m. on November 4, and Captain A's blood alcohol content was found to be 0.091%, exceeding the standard of 0.03%.Under the Maritime Safety Act, Captain A can be imprisoned for between 1 and 2 years or fined between 10 million and 20 million won for drunken driving.Park Seong-woo, director of the Incheon Maritime Traffic Control Center, said, “The Maritime Traffic Control Center and the on-site security vessel worked together to catch the tug captain driving under the influence of alcohol.” “We are strengthening surveillance,” he said, urging caution.Meanwhile, tugboat is a combination of tugboat and barge. A tugboat is a vessel that moves another vessel by pulling or pushing it, and a barge is a vessel that sails by being pulled or pushed by another vessel because it does not have its own propulsion device.In addition, for ships exceeding 200 meters in length, according to the 'Act on Ship Entry and Departure, etc.', when a tugboat sails towing another vessel in the water area of a trade port, the length from the bow of the tugboat to the stern of the towed ship is It must not exceed 200 meters. (Fine less than 3 million won)In addition, the Gyeongin Coastal Maritime Traffic Control Center (Gyeongin Coastal VTS) of the Central Regional Coast Guard held a 'Visiting Vessel Traffic Controller Career' program for about 60 first-year students at Incheon Maritime High School from 3:20 to 4:20 p.m. on the 6th. He stated that he had received 'education'.According to the Central Coast Guard, the career training conducted by two controllers at the Gyeongin Coastal Maritime Traffic Control Center was conducted in the following order: main tasks of the maritime traffic control center, introduction to maritime traffic controller duties, career guidance for maritime traffic controllers, and Q&A.On this day, a current maritime traffic controller honestly told students about the reasons for choosing a career, practical experience, and know-how, and provided maritime students who are considering choosing a high school credit system* course in the marine traffic control field an opportunity to explore a career path that suits their level.Baek Seung-yeol, director of the Gyeongin Coastal Maritime Traffic Control Center, said, “In May of this year, we introduced a career path for ship traffic controllers at Incheon Maritime High School, and the response from students was so great that we provided career training for the second time.” He added, “We will continue to train excellent ship traffic controllers in the future.” “To achieve this, we will continue to provide vocational career education.”Vessel traffic controllers belong to the Korea Coast Guard and are responsible for ensuring vessel traffic safety and protecting marine facilities at 19 Vessel Traffic Service (VTS) centers across the country. Currently, there are about 500 people in Korea (police officers and General employees) are working.Meanwhile, in order to become a ship traffic controller in Korea, you must obtain a level 5 mate or higher license and have at least one year of experience on board, or complete ship traffic control training at an educational institution (high school or university) and obtain a level 5 navigator or higher license. .









