May 1 is Labor Day. It is a day to recognize the importance of labor and to cheer workers for their hard work. But does our society respect labor? The Sewol disaster once again plainly revealed the stark reality of labor in our society.One thing we confirmed during the Sewol tragedy was that the thought that capital is superior to labor does not change easily. Cheonghaejin Marine Company, the owner of Sewol, refused to support the funeral costs of two part-time workers who fell victim to the accident. They claimed that they could not provide financial assistance because the part-time workers were not a member of the cooperation. We are speechless at the miserable death of the part-time workers who find themselves discriminated against even after their death, but when we recall how the company had left their names out of the list of crew members from the start, it's no wonder.The Sewol tragedy exposed the naked face of South Korea as an underdeveloped country when it comes to safety, the greed of capital which only knows money, and the filthy power which conspires with such capital, in its true image. The citizens and workers, who should come before everything else, did not exist. Cheonghaejin Marine Company purchased an old boat 18-years-old, increased the number of passengers they could board by expanding the cabin, and concentrated on making money by loading more cargo than the legal limit.The government, which should have cracked down on these actions succumbed to high-salary positions and some bribe money. Although the company should have created a unified organizational structure of the crew given the perilous journey, capital divided the workers by filling 19 positions among the 33 crew members including the captain with temporary workers in order to save costs. Not all temporary workers in our society neglect their responsibilities, but it is also true that it is difficult to expect them to fulfill their roles when labor has been incapacitated. Some statements claim that Cheonghaejin Marine Company went one step further and interfered with the establishment of a labor union and isolated workers who opposed management.The arrogance of capital does not exist only in the Sewol tragedy. A few days ago, another person died among the workers laid off by Ssangyong Motor, to bring the total death toll to 25. Temporary workers are dying from a series of accidents at places like Hyundai Heavy Industries. Nevertheless, capital dismisses this as routine. They fail to reflect ever so slightly on their unethical practices of outsourcing positions which are responsible for guaranteeing safety or of hiring temporary workers to do the job. Workers face low wages, long working hours, and job insecurity, but the social safety net is as vulnerable as ever.The series of tragedies remind us that the biggest obstacle to a safe society is capital which puts the highest priority on profit. Yet the government and capital act as if deregulation is the solution to every problem in our society. It is the power of a unified people which can correct such distorted awareness. If we fail to realize that labor comes before the market even after experiencing the pain of the heartbreaking Sewol tragedy, the significance of this year's Labor Day is bound to fade.






 


































































