Changwon Special City, prepares a plan to ‘invigorate seafood consumption’. The Mayor of Changwon said on the 7th that after the announcement of the final report by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), as the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is expected, a response plan will be prepared and implemented with 13 detailed tasks in 4 areas to activate and promote consumption of seafood products. revealed. With 2nd Vice Mayor Cho Myung-rae as the head, it plans to organize and operate four teams, including a general management team to respond to marine discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants. will participate in tasks such as discovering policies and ensuring the safety of marine products. We plan to expand the operation of simple radiation meters from 4 to 7 and to expand the inspection of marine product radioactivity from 2 times a month to 20 times a month. Along with this, we will expand the peak of marine radiation surveys to 4 locations by adding Jindong Bay and Gusan-myeon in Masan Port and Jinhae Bay. In line with the opening of the beach on the 1st, a radiation test at Gwangam Beach will also be conducted. In addition, in order to resolve concerns about the misrepresentation of the country of origin of Japanese aquatic products and increasing consumer anxiety, it plans to introduce and operate honor guards for checking the country of origin of aquatic products. In order to relieve citizens' anxiety, radioactivity-related information distributed in five institutions, including the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, National Fisheries Products Quality Management Service, Gyeongnam Fisheries Safety Technology Institute, Gyeongnam Health and Environment Research Institute, and Nuclear Safety Commission, is unified and published on the city website every week, and citizens participate. We plan to operate a fishery product radioactivity inspection observation system, and plan to promote and educate through the Lee Tongjang Council, residents' association, city newsletter, and neighborhood association. In order to stimulate consumption of seafood products in the jurisdiction, we plan to request cooperation from public institutions and private companies to promote consumption of fish products, as well as a consumption encouragement campaign using traditional markets and raw fish restaurants in all departments and traditional market fish lunches by city officials. To this end, the Onnuri gift certificate refund event was promoted, and 3,400 people participated and refunded 60 million won, resulting in a sales effect of 200 million won. In addition, a large-scale aquatic product safety campaign will be held at Changwon Square, Masan Fish Market, Jinhae Anmin Tunnel, etc. with the Fisheries Cooperatives, fisheries managers, self-management communities, and public officials. In addition, for large-scale seafood consumption promotion events (festivals), festivals and consumption promotion events are also promoted with a project cost of 360 million won. Hong Nam-pyo, Mayor of Changwon Special Cases, asked, “Putting food safety first, take all possible measures to minimize damage to fishery products for workers in the fisheries industry and small businesses such as fish markets, and ask public officials to set an example of using seafood.”

