Daejeon City Councilor Cho Won-hwi urges safety measures for discharging contaminated water from nuclear power plants. Daejeon City Council member Cho Won-hwi (Democratic Party of Korea, Yuseong-gu 3) called for safety measures against the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant. In his 5-minute free speech at the 1st plenary session of the 273rd Extraordinary Session at 10 o'clock on the 6th, Rep. Cho called for 'Daejeon City's safety measures against the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in Japan' and said, "The Japanese government is facing opposition from neighboring countries and countries around the world. “Despite concerns, we began discharging Fukushima nuclear power plant contaminated water into the ocean on August 24th,” he said. This was clearly in compliance with international conventions such as the “Convention on Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Materials” known as the “London Convention” by the Japanese government. He started by saying that it was a violation. Representative Cho also said, “As the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in Japan becomes visible, the number of customers at raw fish restaurants is decreasing, and the concerns of consumers who want to purchase seafood are increasing, and as the sales of those working in the fishing industry are decreasing, those who are considering switching industries are concerned. “There are a lot of them,” he said, emphasizing that Daejeon City needs safety measures to minimize citizen anxiety. He also called for safety measures in Daejeon, citing South Chungcheong Province and Seoul City’s announcement of immediate measures against ‘discharge of contaminated water from Japan’s nuclear power plant.’ South Chungcheong Province announced that it would strengthen the four-stage safety investigation, including production and distribution, 'safer and more thoroughly' starting in July to reassure residents, and Seoul City announced on August 23 that all seafood distributed not only at the fish market but also at large supermarkets and traditional markets in the city. It has been announced that real-time test results will be made public, including conducting a daily sample survey targeting. Rep. Cho Won-hwi said, “In order to relieve the safety and anxiety of citizens, Daejeon City should also request the government to regulate imports until the safety of Japanese marine products is 100% verified and strengthen surveillance and supervision by clearly checking the place of origin.” claimed. He also urged Daejeon City to take active safety measures, saying that inspections for school meals, etc. should be strengthened like South Chungcheong Province did.

