On the 19th, Incheon City invested a total budget of 58.6 billion won in the fishing village and fisheries sector this year to carry out 86 projects in order to supply safe and hygienic marine products to citizens and improve the stable quality of life of fishermen in fishing villages. He announced that he would pursue it. According to Incheon City, as part of its policy to solve the problems of aging, population decline, and social structure in fishing villages and island areas, the city is improving fishing village life and safety base through fishing village and fishing port regeneration projects, building fishing port infrastructure, and improving fishing conditions in border waters. We plan to overcome the crisis of extinction of fishing villages and create fishing villages where everyone can prosper by promoting five key tasks, including improving and creating a safe fishing environment, creating abundant fisheries resources and expanding eco-friendly fish farming, creating a distribution base for marine products, and revitalizing fishing villages. Improvement of fishing village life and safety base through fishing village and fishing port regeneration project. Incheon City is pursuing a fishing village and fishing port regeneration project with a total project cost of KRW 181 billion in 18 fishing villages in Ganghwa-gun, Ongjin-gun, and Jung-gu by 2026. As of last year, 3 of the 2nd and 3rd phase projects (8 locations) of the Fishing Village New Deal 300 were completed, and the remaining 5 locations are scheduled to be completed by the second half of this year. The 4th phase project (3 locations) will complete detailed design and begin construction within this year. Is expected. In addition, the two locations (Janggot Port in Ganghwa-gun and Baekari Port 2 in Ongjin-gun), which were selected for the fishing village revitalization promotion project that began last year as a follow-up project to the Fishing Village New Deal 300, will complete the establishment of the basic plan within the first half of this year, enter into detailed design, and begin construction quickly. We are preparing for it. In addition, 7 target sites (3 in Ganghwa, 3 in Ongjin, 1 in Jung-gu, project cost KRW 50 billion) were discovered and applied for in the 2024 fishing village new revitalization project contest, and 1 site was selected as a result of selection in January of this year (project cost KRW 10 billion/Jumun Island, Ganghwa-gun). was selected. Protecting the property and lives of fishermen by building fishing port infrastructure. By building fishing port infrastructure, we will safely accommodate fishing boats and protect the property and lives of fishermen. We will also improve the settlement conditions of local residents and marine transportation conditions through fishing port repair and reinforcement and environmental improvement projects. The local fishing port construction project costs KRW 4.6 billion for three ports (Hupo Port, Soyeonpyeong Port, and Gwangmyeong Port), and the fishing port repair and reinforcement project costs KRW 4.6 billion for six ports (Changhu Port, Sahadong Port, Sundu Port, Seungbong-ri Port, Dou Port, and Yedanpo Port). ), and KRW 4.2 billion will be invested in the complex multi-functional floating pier facility project, and KRW 800 million will be invested in three ports in Ganghwa-gun. In addition, 900 million won will be earmarked for fishing port maintenance and repair projects to improve safety facilities. Improve fishing conditions in border waters and create a safe fishing environment. Last year, Incheon City achieved achievements such as adjusting the fishing limit in the Ganghwa Sea for the first time in 60 years and revising the Enforcement Decree of the Fishing Vessel Safe Fishing Act (Nov. 7, 2023) to expand the fishing ground to an area three times that of Yeouido (8.2㎢). In order to prevent safety accidents and respond quickly to new fishing grounds, we plan to build and deploy a small (5-ton class) fishing guidance boat to improve fishing conditions in border waters. We plan to build five replacement vessels over five years for old fishing guidance vessels that are in urgent need of safety as they have been built for more than 28 years. First, we will support one fishery guidance vessel in Ongjin-gun (KRW 9.2 billion) for which detailed design has been completed this year. Furthermore, replacement of old engines (10 ships), safety equipment such as radar and wireless equipment (166 units), and two multi-purpose fixed cranes that can lift small fishing boats to land in case of bad weather such as typhoons (Mungap Port, Hwangsando Port) ) will be installed to pay attention to fishing boat safety management. In addition, as the 「Enforcement Rules of the Fishing Vessel Act」 were revised (December 18, 23), closed inspection (inspection that checks the condition of the engine without opening the engine), which was previously only possible for fishing vessels under 5 tons, has been extended to ships under 10 tons. It is expected that the convenience of fishing for fishermen in the five islands of the West Sea will be greatly improved as remote fishing vessel inspections are implemented starting this year during regular inspections every five years for small fishing boats (outboard motors) weighing less than 2 tons. Creation of abundant fisheries resources and expansion of eco-friendly fish farming. In order to proactively prepare for changes in the marine environment due to recent rapid climate change, marine pollution, and marine development, and to create and use sustainable fisheries resources, KRW 2.33 billion and KRW 1.64 billion, respectively, were allocated to purchase and release fishery seeds and install artificial reefs. Put in. In addition, we will begin to restore the ecosystem of coastal fishing grounds through the octopus spawning and habitat creation project (KRW 300 million), and budget for the release effect survey and reef fishery management (KRW 490 million) to verify the effectiveness of the fishery resource creation project. plan. According to the results of the 'Survey on the Effects of Fish Seed Release and Artificial Reefs' conducted by the Korea Fisheries Resources Corporation under the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, the economic effect was found to be 5.26 times that of blue crabs and 5.19 times that of flatfishes, and sea areas where artificial reefs were installed had a higher fisheries effect than sea areas where artificial reefs were not installed. It has been shown to have the effect of increasing the catch of resources by approximately 2 to 4 times. In addition, we will contribute to improving and preserving the environment of fish farms and producing and supplying safe marine products by improving the aging fishing environment and creating a fishing production base (KRW 2.11 billion), and expanding eco-friendly fish farming by supplying eco-friendly energy to fish farms (KRW 500 million). promote. Increase fishermen’s income by creating a distribution base for marine products and revitalizing fishing villages. We plan to contribute to promoting consumption of marine products by improving the quality of local specialties and ensuring safety by supporting frozen and refrigerated seafood facilities (KRW 1 billion) that can store locally produced marine products. In order to promote distribution, sales and consumption of marine products (KRW 1.7 billion), we plan to promote and supply safe and fresh marine products to citizens by supporting the production of seafood packaging containers and storage containers, supporting distribution logistics costs, supporting win-win discounts for marine products, and participating in exhibitions and fairs. We operate a fishing village specialized support center (KRW 200 million) to develop fishing village specialized products and build a sales base, support the creation of new income in fishing villages by promoting fishing village experience resort villages online, and operate a fisheries high school specialized program (KRW 150 million) to support the fisheries industry. Train professional manpower. Meanwhile, Incheon City steadily promoted the Fishing Village New Deal project and the Fishing Village New Vitality Promotion Project despite the global economic downturn and difficult domestic conditions due to the instability of international oil prices and a sharp rise in raw material prices due to the war between Ukraine and Israel last year. In order to alleviate the income gap between polarized fishermen and establish an income safety net for fishing families, a project was implemented for the first time to provide 1.2 million won per year to small-scale fishing families and domestic fishing crews instead of direct payments that had been provided only to fishermen living in islands and border areas with unfavorable conditions. In addition, we are promoting continuous consultation with relevant organizations to expand the fishing grounds of the five islands and border waters in the West Sea and extend fishing hours, and to improve the fishing conditions for fishermen and to enhance the resources of coastal fishing grounds by creating spawning and breeding grounds for fishery resources (52 ha of artificial reefs). /648) and seed release (6.65 million) were promoted to promote the restoration of the marine ecosystem and increase the income of fishermen. In addition, to overcome the decline in distribution and consumption of seafood after COVID-19 and the discharge of contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant, we also promoted projects such as support for seafood processing, refrigeration, and freezing facilities, and win-win discounts (30% discount). In particular, the Incheon Fishing Village Specialization Support Center, which signed a consignment agreement with Incheon City, has made efforts to strengthen the competitiveness of regionally specialized products, such as upgrading the 'Yeonpyeong Island crab broth pack' product using the fishing village's specialty marine products and developing 'boneless crab paste', by 2023. It won the Excellence Award for the 'Crab Broth Pack' at the Incheon Tourism Souvenir Contest and achieved the feat of being selected as the highest grade, 'Grand Prize', at the performance evaluation held by the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries for three consecutive years.