Navy criticized for slow response to ship sinking. With 46 sailors still missing six days after the 1,200-ton Navy corvette split apart and sank under the West Sea, fingers are being pointed at the government and the Navy for not having been quick enough or truthful enough.The night the Cheonan went down, four high-speed naval boats arrived first, but it was Coast Guard patrol boats that saved 58 sailors who had jumped into the water."The (high-speed naval) boats are 150-ton or smaller so they can`t carry large lifeboats, but the 500-ton Coast Guard vessels had the lifeboats," Defense Minister Kim Tae-young told a parliamentary committee on defense on Saturday. Another navy corvette named Sokcho was nearby, but it was busy firing artillery at an "unidentified object," which the Joint Chiefs of Staff later said appeared to be a flock of birds. The Sokcho fired 76-millimeter shells for about five minutes toward the north immediately after the Cheonan sank, stoking speculation that it may not have been birds. It remains a mystery what the Cheonan and Sokcho were doing near the northernmost island of Baengnyeong as it is rare for two navy corvettes to move together. A corvette is usually accompanied by two high-speed boats. The Cheonan sank 1.8 kilometers southwest of Baengnyeong, but a corvette normally does not maneuver so close to the coast.Questions also remain unanswered over when exactly the explosion or a collision took place. The Defense Ministry unveiled a video clip that starts at 9:33 p.m., three minutes after the time of explosion announced by the ministry. The rear part of the Cheonan is already gone in the TOD video clip at 9:33 p.m. The ministry said this was because a coast guard began recording with a thermal observation device after he heard the explosion.But one of the missing sailors told his father on the phone at 9:16 p.m. that he had to hang up as there was an emergency situation, according to Rep. Lee Jong-gull of the Democratic Party.Another sailor was reportedly exchanging text messages with his girlfriend for about half an hour until 9:16 a.m. when he abruptly stopped replying. The girlfriend called but he didn`t answer the phone.A large 3,000-ton salvage ship named Gwangyang arrived at the scene 40 hours after the Cheonan sank.The Navy also failed to locate the stern of the vessel, where dozens of sailors are expected to be trapped inside of watertight compartments, for two days due to high waves.The stern was found Sunday night by a fishing boat just 180 meters from where the ship sank."How can you say the Navy dealt with the situation perfectly when the expensive Navy vessel failed to locate the rear part (of Cheonan) and a fishing boat found it instead?" Rep. Kim Moo-sung of the ruling Grand National Party said.The Defense Ministry was not immediately ready to confirm how many patrol boats were sent for the rescue efforts by Saturday. Larger vessels didn`t arrive until Sunday. The Dokdo, a 14,000-ton amphibious landing ship that had been operating in the waters off Pyeongtaek, two 1,200-ton corvettes, two minesweepers, three convoys and three more high-speed patrol boats were deployed near Baengnyeong island by Monday morning, according to the ministry. The Cheonan case could become a point of political contention until the June 2 local elections. Opposition parties are pressing for a parliamentary investigation, but the ruling Grand National Party is refusing, saying rescue efforts must come first. Opposition parties are expected to bombard the government with questions about the sunken ship at the emergency parliamentary interpellation session on Friday, the regular interpellation that starts next Wednesday and through related parliamentary committee activities throughout April. Depending on how the government explains the incident, the Cheonan case could have an impact on the June local elections. Should it have anything to do with North Korea, the emphasis on national security would make the political atmosphere more advantageous for the ruling party. If the cause involves the Navy`s negligence or misconduct, the opposition parties would likely gain an advantage. Both ruling and opposition parties, however, are delaying or minimizing election-related schedules as the sunken ship agenda has overshadowed the elections.