Central Coast Guard implements safety measures in preparation for the increase in number of wire and pilot boat users during the Chuseok holiday. Implementation of prior safety inspections and special crackdowns on safety violations. -Break News Incheon Reporter Park Sang-do. The Central Regional Coast Guard announced that it will establish a special response period for marine safety management in celebration of the Chuseok holiday until October 3 and strengthen activities to prevent marine safety accidents. According to the Central Coast Guard, the number of people returning to the West Sea islands and tourists visiting the sea using landline ships and pilot boats is expected to increase during the Chuseok holiday, which is longer than usual, and will conduct preliminary safety inspections and special crackdowns on safety violations. Accordingly, the Central Regional Maritime Police Agency organized a public-private joint mobile inspection team from September 11 to 22 and is conducting preliminary safety inspections on multi-use vessels such as wires and pilot ships in the central West Sea. During the Chuseok holiday, we plan to conduct special crackdowns and provide guidance on major violations such as drunken operation, overloading, and overboarding of multi-use vessels. In addition, to ensure the safety of returning travelers and tourists visiting the island during the Chuseok holiday, special measures will be implemented such as organizing emergency standby workers, deploying security ships forward in multi-use vessel routes, and establishing an emergency communication system with related organizations. The Central Regional Coast Guard plans to strengthen maritime safety management by sharing safety navigation information, such as weather and maritime traffic conditions on the routes used by returning passengers and tourists, in real time with guard ships, police stations, aviation corps, and maritime traffic control centers during the holiday season. An official from the Central Regional Coast Guard said, “During this Chuseok holiday, we will do our best to manage marine safety so that all citizens can return to their hometowns and seas with peace of mind, and we will thoroughly maintain a system to prevent and respond to marine accidents.”