Anyang City has formed a task force (TF) dedicated to Fukushima radioactively contaminated water and held an emergency meeting presided over by Anyang Mayor Choi Dae-ho to strengthen safety management and country-of-origin labeling monitoring of distributed seafood. As Japan actually discharged contaminated water from Fukushima on August 24, Anyang City held an emergency meeting at 10:00 a.m. on the 25th in the reception room of City Hall to prepare countermeasures against the discharge of contaminated water. In order to respond to the discharge of contaminated water on August 22, Anyang City, the head of the Welfare and Culture Bureau, the heads of related departments such as the Sanitation Policy Division, the Business Economics Division, the Education and Youth Division, the Anyang-si Agricultural and Fishery Products Wholesale Market Management Office, and the Director of Anyang-Gunpo Uiwanggwacheon Joint Meal Support Center, etc. A task force dedicated to Fukushima radioactively contaminated water was formed with 10 members. Tokyo Electric Power, the operator of the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, started releasing contaminated water stored in the water tank after preliminary work from around 1:00 pm on the 24th. The meeting was attended by Deputy Mayor Jang Young-geun of Anyang City and the Fukushima Radioactively Contaminated Water Task Force (TF) led by Namgung Gyu-mi, Director of Welfare and Culture Bureau. At this meeting, Mayor Choi Dae-ho said, “Please revise the management system to ensure food safety, and focus all efforts on safety management of aquatic products in particular.” Please do your best to come up with countermeasures,” he stressed. For food safety of citizens, Anyang City Strengthening safety management and supervision of distributed marine products and expanding safety inspections Strengthening monitoring of the country of origin of marine products (September campaign, special inspection in October) Anyang-Gunpo Uiwanggwacheon Shared Meal Service Support Center School meal ingredient management system It was decided to promote maintenance (mandatory radiation inspection when receiving fishery products). In addition, while the Common Meal Service Support Center has conducted about 600 safety inspections in the first half of the year to ensure the safety of school meals and is disclosing the results on the center's website, the results of safety inspections for aquatic products conducted by each department are also planned to be released through related websites. am.