Gyeongbuk Provincial Office cafeteria offers domestic seafood as a lunch special
Gyeongbuk Province held a special event featuring domestic seafood as a lunch menu on the 31st to promote the safety of domestic seafood and promote consumption in relation to the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water into the ocean. Provincial office staff including Governor Lee Cheol-woo, Professor Kim Ki-hyun, National Assembly Legislative Research Service Director Park Sang-cheol, who visited the provincial office for a business agreement, and Koo Yun-cheol, CEO of the Gyeongbuk Cultural Foundation, ate abalone pot rice, crab soup, braised monkfish, and salt-grilled prawns together. Gyeongbuk Province plans to provide menus containing at least one domestically produced seafood for each meal to employees using the company cafeteria for the next month. In addition, the special menu will focus on fish species whose prices have recently fallen, such as eel, abalone, and rockfish, and will feature eel rice bowls, butter-grilled abalone, and spicy rockfish stew. Meanwhile, on the morning of this day, Kim Ki-hyeon, a professor of nuclear engineering at Seoul National University, was invited to discuss provincial-level response measures to relieve public anxiety based on scientific analysis and evidence on the discharge of Fukushima contaminated water under the topic of 'Fukushima contaminated water discharge and radioactivity common sense.' did. Based on this, Gyeongbuk Province plans to strengthen food safety promotion so that residents can consume marine products with confidence by thoroughly testing radioactivity in seafood and continuously providing accurate information based on science. Previously, Gyeongbuk Province formed the ‘Seafood Safety Household Monitoring Group’ to strengthen monitoring of the entire inspection process, including collection of fishery product samples and sample preprocessing. On the 28th, the ‘Seafood Safety Diagnosis Seminar’ was held to provide a forum for communication between radioactivity, fisheries, and food experts and residents, emphasizing the safety of our seafood in all directions. In addition, we developed the 'Gyeongbuk Marine Environment Information' mobile app for the first time in the country to quickly provide seafood radioactivity test results, and increased the radioactivity test analysis cycle at 9 major seafood outlets from monthly/quarterly to once a week or more to ensure safety of seafood. We are working hard for consumption. Gyeongbuk Province Governor Lee Cheol-woo said, “We will make more thorough efforts to manage safety so that only marine products that have been confirmed safe are distributed so that residents can consume our marine products with confidence.” He added, “Don’t worry about our safe marine products produced in the clean waters of the East Coast. “Please consume a lot.” Meanwhile, Gyeongbuk Province plans to implement additional measures to increase the use of marine products, such as shopping at traditional seafood markets and actively recommending Korean seafood as Chuseok holiday gifts, to help fishermen who are struggling due to a decrease in demand for marine products ahead of Chuseok.