Rep. Park Wan-joo “There is not even a crisis response manual right in front of the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima…” July 4th, IAEA Fukushima contaminated water final report scheduled to be released... Wait for the IAEA report of the NSSC While the Japanese government has been accelerating construction of marine discharge tunnels to release contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the ocean since July of this year, it has been confirmed that the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission has not yet prepared a manual for responding to marine radiation in Korea. At the time of the parliamentary inspection of the Ministry of Science and ICT in October last year, National Assembly member Park Wan-joo (Cheonan-eul, 3rd term) asked the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission to prepare a crisis response manual to respond immediately when high-concentration radioactivity is detected in Korean waters in preparation for the release of contaminated water from Fukushima. have urged At that time, Chairman Yu Kook-hee of the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission replied, “I will take the lead in preparing a crisis response manual,” and the content is contained in the 23rd budget bill, supplementary opinion No. 28. In addition, according to the data submitted by the NSSC to the office of Congressman Park Wan-joo in April, the NSSC said, “We plan to complete the preparation of the Fukushima-contaminated marine radioactivity response manual by the end of May.” However, as a result of a recent check in the office of Congressman Park, it was confirmed that a response manual had not been prepared until now, let alone the end of May, ahead of the release of contaminated water from Fukushima. Afterwards, Congressman Park's office urged the completion of the response manual again, but the NSSC only replied that it had not prepared a response manual to reflect the results of the IAEA confirmation monitoring, but remained silent on the timing of completion. In the 2022 over-defense parliamentary audit, TEPCO pointed out the safety of marine discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, such as selecting it as the cheapest marine discharge rather than a method that secures safety among a total of five nuclear power plant contaminated water treatment methods, such as steam emission and hydrogen emission However, it is questionable when the NSSC will prepare a crisis response manual for marine radiation. Park Wan-joo “Leave Korea’s security to an international organization… I urge you to prepare a response manual immediately.” In response, Rep. Park Wan-joo said, “It is a matter of protecting the territorial waters of Korea and the safety of the people as a top priority. Following the standards and results set by the organization is like entrusting the security of the Republic of Korea to an international organization," he criticized. Rep. Park said, "If the IAEA evaluates that the TEPCO analysis method is appropriate in the final report, it will be difficult for the NSSC to overturn that evaluation." We need to complete a manual that can respond as soon as possible and disclose it transparently to the public.” Meanwhile, the IAEA Fukushima Contaminated Water Final Report is scheduled to be released on July 4th.