On the 23rd, Incheon City announced that it would pursue a policy to foster high value-added agricultural and livestock industries. According to Incheon City, four goals for fostering the agricultural and livestock industry were presented to increase the perceived happiness index of citizens by turning the crisis in agricultural and rural areas into an opportunity. Recently, the farm economy is facing a high level of uncertainty due to high interest rates and high inflation, and is under a heavy burden due to natural disasters, pests, and livestock epidemics due to climate change, as well as the worsening aging population. Therefore, policies to foster a safe and sustainable agricultural and livestock industry are needed to protect agricultural and livestock households as well as citizens. It is a strategy to increase happiness. This year, Incheon City will promote various projects with the goals of realizing welfare rural areas and improving the quality of life for citizens, promoting overseas market development for Incheon agricultural products, fostering high value-added agricultural and food industries, and fostering sustainable livestock farming. Implementation of welfare in rural areas and improvement of citizens’ quality of life. First, we will increase the quality of life of farmers and fishermen and promote sustainable development of agriculture and fisheries by expanding the payment of allowances to farmers and fishermen and the training of future farmers. Approximately 16,800 farmers and fishermen who create public value in agriculture, fishing and fishing villages will receive an annual farmer and fishermen allowance of 600,000 won, and young farmers (18 to 40 years old) will be selected to foster future farmers and receive farming settlement support (monthly for 3 years). It is planned to pay up to 1.1 million won). In addition, projects to improve the quality of life of citizens are also being promoted, such as supporting community urban gardens, establishing a pet welfare and cultural center, strengthening the protection and management of abandoned animals, and improving the quality of school meals at kindergartens, elementary, middle, and high schools. Promotion of Incheon agricultural products overseas market development project. In addition, the city plans to strengthen the competitiveness of the agricultural and food industry by continuously expanding investment, such as developing local agricultural and food sales channels and creating a sustainable agricultural environment. In order to pioneer overseas markets, we will open a permanent exhibition and sales center in Toronto, Canada, and foster export leading organizations (two locations) that support quality control, marketing, and logistics improvement for export items, and actively support the overseas expansion of small and medium-sized agricultural and food companies. Export items will also be expanded from agricultural products (fortified rice) to processed agricultural and marine products. Fostering high value-added agricultural and food industries. In addition, we will continue to promote eco-friendly agricultural production base expansion, inorganic fertilizer support projects, and 6th industry revitalization projects, establish a management safety net through agricultural disaster prevention projects, sign up for agricultural accident insurance, etc., and promote safety through modernization of facilities at the Samsan Agricultural Products Wholesale Market. and create a reasonable purchasing environment for agricultural products. We are expanding the Incheon-style ‘1,000 Won Breakfast’ support project to promote consumption of local rice, and supplying 3,479 tons of safe, excellent, eco-friendly rice from the Ganghwa region to 721 public kindergartens, elementary, middle, and high schools. Fostering sustainable livestock farming. In order to foster a sustainable livestock industry, the strategy is to increase the competitiveness of the livestock industry through fostering regionally specialized livestock businesses such as fostering Korean beef brands and expanding the feed production base, and implementing eco-friendly livestock environment equipment projects. In addition, the plan is to prevent damage to farms by blocking disaster-type livestock infectious diseases and preventing consumptive and zoonotic livestock diseases, and to continue to promote projects such as installing quarantine facilities and supporting vaccines to create a foundation for livestock farming that is resistant to diseases.