Cruise Ship Steamed on After Danube Tragedy. Video footage of the sinking of a pleasure boat in Hungary last Wednesday that killed dozens of Korean tourists shows the cruise ship that rammed it reversing and calmly continuing on its course.The footage was taken by the security camera of another ship at dock in front of the two vessels and gives a more accurate view of the accident than video clips available so far.A Hungarian body of pleasure-boat operators on Saturday released the footage, which shows the Swiss-registered cruise ship Viking Sigyn ramming the left side of the stern of the Hableány, which was carrying 33 passengers. It then reverses slowly and idles for about 40 seconds next to the sinking pleasure boat, only to resume its course.
That suggests the Ukrainian captain of the Viking Sigyn, who has since been arrested, and his crew were aware of the collision but failed to help the passengers of the tourist boat.Meanwhile, Korean and Hungarian rescue divers continued searching for missing passengers but were unable to make further progress. Seven passengers were found dead right after the accident and seven were rescued, but 21 including the captain and sole crewmember of the Hableány are unaccounted for.Rescue crews used boats and helicopters to search up to 50 km downstream in the fast-flowing Danube, but recovered only a slipper, backpack and hat 14 km from the scene of the accident.
Rapid currents and swollen waters following four days of heavy rains posed a major obstacle. The speed of the underwater current on Sunday reached 4.3 km/h, slower than 5-6 km/h on Saturday but still too fast for diving. The water level at the scene dropped from 9.3 m to 7.6 m, but that was still way above the average 3 m depth.
Authorities plan to send in divers again on Monday when the water level is expected to drop. Hungarian authorities proposed salvaging the Hableány first, but the Korean government prefers to have divers search through the vessel first.The salvage will start on Thursday if the currents remain too fast for diving.Families of the missing started arriving in Budapest last Thursday and met with Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha on Saturday. They urged her to ensure that divers accurately assess how many missing passengers remain trapped in the wreck and that none of their belongings are lost.
They also asked authorities to look further downstream. The Korean and Hungarian governments have requested the help of Serbia, Romania and Croatia to expand the search area.Some 520 km downstream from the scene is the Iron Gate Dam between Serbia and Romania, and it is not uncommon for drowned bodies from all along the Danube to be found there.