As the Japanese government's ocean discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is imminent, the city of Yeosu is accelerating efforts to secure the safety of marine products. According to the city of Yeosu on the 26th, the decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant is expected to cause enormous damage not only to the fishery industry but also to related industries and tourism due to increased public anxiety and decreased consumption of marine products. Accordingly, Yeosu City plans to establish a separate detailed response plan in connection with the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries and Jeonnam-do's response plan for aquatic product safety, and establish a cooperative system with fisheries-related organizations to secure the safety of aquatic products. First of all, as the most prompt and preemptive response to the marine discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, 20 million won was invested in purchasing four ‘portable radiation monitors’. When the marine discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants becomes full-fledged, a dedicated response task force team headed by the deputy mayor will be formed, and measures of radioactivity using portable measuring devices and labeling of origin will be conducted, focusing on places where a lot of seafood is handled, such as consignments and traditional markets. In particular, recognizing the seriousness of the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant from the beginning of this year, the government is promoting the establishment of a ‘fishery products safety center’ worth KRW 5.5 billion to establish an independent and active seafood safety inspection system. Therefore, we are putting our heart and soul into securing national and provincial funds, and if it is not secured, it is a policy to promote it by investing money. In addition, we are reviewing the installation of seawater real-time radioactivity measurement system using cooling water in fishing guide boats currently in operation in Chungcheongnam-do and Jeju Island with related companies. plan to do it. In addition, opinions from fisheries-related groups and associations related to the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants were collected last month, and as most fishermen demand realistic compensation for losses and government purchases when consumption of fish products declines, the government will actively propose a plan for damage compensation. An official from Yeosu City said, “We will minimize the damage to fishermen by preparing various measures to ensure the safety of marine products, such as discovering new businesses in response to the discharge of contaminated water in connection with government policy.”