Changwon Special City, ‘Advancing drone demonstration city’. Changwon Special City held a demonstration of the ‘2023 Drone Demonstration City Construction Project’ in the area of Silido and Sujeong-ri, Gusan-myeon, Masan Happo-gu, on the 23rd. This demonstration, co-hosted by Changwon City and the Changwon Business Promotion Agency, was held to confirm the results of the drone demonstration city construction project, which was selected as a public contest project by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport in March and was promoted until November, and to promote the commercialization model of drones to residents. On this day, about 20 people including Changwon Special City, Changwon City Council, Masan Happo-gu Office, Gusan-myeon Administrative Welfare Center, Gusan 119 Safety Center, Changwon Industry Promotion Agency, related company officials, and Silido residents were invited to the demonstration to demonstrate drone logistics delivery and forest arson accident tracking and monitoring. The project was conducted to confirm the use of empirical drones in various disaster situations, including the commercialization of drones that are closely related to real life. The main demonstration contents are △delivery of goods by drone after receiving orders (kiosks or smartphone apps) from island residents △monitoring of illegal dumping of marine waste and fish farms △response to fire situations in mountainous areas linked to the integrated control center monitoring system. All were monitored in real time through an integrated control center built for drone operation and safety. Changwon Special City is becoming a special drone city by gradually investing the necessary budget based on the drone aircraft, mission equipment, flight software, and integrated control system verified through this demonstration to begin the use of drones and gradually settle them into the daily lives of citizens. I plan to take a leap forward. An official from Changwon City said, “Our city will not spare any support for future mobility as a new growth engine that will lead the future,” and added, “We will focus on developing drone life services and promoting projects related to the commercialization of drones so that we can establish ourselves as a special drone city.” “I will pour my efforts into it,” he said.