Dr. Kim Yong-ok criticizes “Japan’s Fukushima contaminated water... worse than what started the Pacific War”.“Japan must agree to save all humans around the world!”-Publisher Moon Il-suk. The world of modern society is globalized. If one country destroys the Earth, all of humanity will suffer. This is especially true of environmental issues. Japan has begun discharging radioactive nuclear waste from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant into the ocean (as of August 3, 2023, the amount of contaminated water stored in the Fukushima water tank amounts to 1,343,227㎥). In relation to this, the author pays attention to the point made by the environmental organization Greenpeace (Greenpeace is an independent international environmental organization born in 1971 that campaigns in a peaceful manner through non-violent direct action for global environmental protection and peace). Greenpeace has strongly pointed out that the discharge of nuclear waste into the ocean is causing damage to people around the world. Greenpeace said in a statement dated April 16, 2023, “The Group of Seven major countries (G7) concluded the environmental ministerial meeting held in Sapporo, Japan for two days on April 15 and 16, and adopted the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safety standards and international law. “We issued a joint statement in support of Japan’s plan to discharge contaminated water from Fukushima, within reasonable limits,” he said, adding, “The G7 has effectively tolerated the long-term ocean discharge of radioactive nuclear waste, which is unprecedented in history.” Greenpeace, an international environmental group, expressed “deep regret” that the G7 made political decisions that were not based on science and international law. Greenpeace has actively opposed the discharge of radioactive nuclear waste into the ocean. Regarding the reason for this, “Tokyo Electric Power Company of Japan claimed that radioactive materials in contaminated water are being treated well through the Polynuclide Removal System (ALPS), but this is not true.” “The ‘internationally safe level of contaminated water treatment’ claimed by the IAEA and Tokyo Electric Power Company is only a plan and goal, and there is no objective verification that ALPS treatment and dilution will proceed as targeted,” he said. Another reason is, “Tokyo Electric Power Company says it will complete the discharge of contaminated water within 30 years, but it is difficult to complete even beyond this century. IAEA and Tokyo Electric Power Company plan to end discharge of contaminated water within 30 years. However, this is based on a plan to treat, dilute, and discharge contaminated water, which currently amounts to about 1.3 million tons, over 30 years. In reality, it is highly likely that the discharge of contaminated water will continue until the Fukushima nuclear power plant is decommissioned. Due to the nature of the Fukushima nuclear power plant site, the amount of contaminated water is increasing by 100 tons every day due to groundwater inflow, and it is necessary to continuously inject cooling water to cool the nuclear fuel remaining in the three damaged reactors,” he said. “If decommissioning takes half a century, the period for discharging contaminated water into the ocean is He pointed out the problem that “contrary to Tokyo Electric Power Company’s goals, it is bound to increase, and the surrounding marine ecosystem may also be exposed to long-term risks.” For this other reason, the National Association of Oceanographic Laboratories, with more than 100 organizations, issued a joint statement in December 2022, saying, 'Dilution of contaminated water is a biological process in which radioactive materials in contaminated water accumulate or combine organically in living organisms or accumulate on the seafloor. He pointed out that this is a measure that does not fundamentally consider the fact that the process could threaten the benthic ecosystem. At the same time, he warned, ‘Because some radionuclides contained in contaminated water affect the metabolic pathways of living things, such as DNA or specific tissues and organs, they may also threaten the health of humans who consume marine life through the food chain.’” I made a statement. Citing these various reasons, it was pointed out one by one that it is a threat to human health. The same was true of Greenpeace's response, which came out just before Japan began discharging radioactive nuclear waste from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant into the ocean. In a statement dated August 22nd, Greenpeace criticized, “The announcement of the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima is a joint product of the irresponsibility of the Japanese government and the assistance of the Korean government.” In this statement, “We sternly warn against the Korean government’s aiding and abetting actions by overlooking the potential risk of damage that the release of radioactive pollutants can cause transnationally and failing to exercise the rights of neighboring countries guaranteed by international law in relation to preventing the release of radioactive pollutants.” The Korean government's attitude toward Fukushima contaminated water clearly reflects the nuclear power plant's neglect of safety. The ocean discharge of radioactive waste generated from a nuclear power plant accident is unprecedented on Earth and can pose a serious risk to the marine ecosystem and the safety of humanity. “It is an act that threatens the right to survival of Japanese fishermen as well as residents of related countries along the Pacific coast, and is a violation of international maritime law,” he stated. In an article published by Yonhap News on August 22nd titled “Greenpeace “Japan’s discharge of contaminated water is an irreversible disaster,” the environmental group Greenpeace said, “Greenpeace, an environmental group, criticized the Japanese government’s decision to discharge contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea from August 24th.” “Greenpeace issued a statement on August 22nd saying, ‘The discharge of radioactive waste generated from a nuclear power plant accident into the ocean is unprecedented on earth and threatens the safety of the marine ecosystem and humanity. “It could cause serious danger,” the report said, adding, “It is an act that threatens the right to survival of Japanese fishermen as well as residents of related countries along the Pacific coast and is a violation of international maritime law.” In relation to this, Sean Burney, expert member of the UN Human Rights Council, said, “It is an act that violates the basic human rights of people in Fukushima and surrounding regions, and furthermore, the Asia Pacific region, and it must be stopped.” Dr. Kim Yong-ok appeared on 'Doul TV' and criticized Japan's decision to dump Fukushima nuclear power plant nuclear wastewater into the sea, saying, "Japan's decision to dump the nuclear wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear power plant has eliminated the reason for the existence of philosophy," and added, "It is more vicious and terrible than Japan starting the Pacific War." . Japan must agree to save all humans around the world.