Jeonnam Governor Kim Yeong-rok proclaims 2023 as the first year of the ‘Grand Leap Forward Jeonnam Happiness Era’
Governor Kim presents three major operational directions: global city government, balanced development center, and happy community... Expansion of happiness policies for citizens such as youth, seniors, middle-aged, small business owners, farmers and fishermen


(Muan = Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = Jeonnam Governor Kim Young-rok announced on the 27th that 2023 will be the first year of the “Great Leap Forward to the World in the Jeonnam Era of Happiness,” and will focus on global travel, a center for balanced development, and the construction of a happy community. presented


Governor Kim Young-rok held a year-end press conference in 2022 in the provincial government briefing room this morning, and announced major achievements this year and the direction of the 2023 road trip.

Jeollanam-do has secured a large amount of the national treasury budget to lead Jeonnam's great leap forward this year. In fact, ▲securing next year’s national treasury budget of 8.65 trillion won, the largest ever ▲New next-generation grid semiconductors, green hydrogen energy island, agri-food climate change response center, southern region wide-area tourism development leading project, and space launch vehicle science complex, etc. A lot of this was reflected. In the case of high-tech strategic industries by field, ▲opening of Korea Energy Engineering University ▲designation of space launch vehicle industry cluster ▲passing preliminary examination of Naju Energy National Industrial Complex ▲designation of special regulation-free zone for modified electric vehicles ▲176 companies and attracting 10 trillion won of investment, etc., equipped with global competitiveness. In the field of agriculture and fisheries, it has been preemptively responding to climate change and focused on increasing farmers and fishermen's income by ▲passing the preliminary examination of the Agricultural Food Climate Change Response Center ▲ completing the smart farm innovation valley, ▲incorporating the Namdo Marketplace and opening the Namdo Marketplace US (US).


In the field of culture and tourism, a global marine tourism belt was created by ▲expanding luxury accommodations such as Haenam Oceano Resort and Sinan Jaeun Sea One Resort ▲by attracting the World Tidal Flat Natural Heritage Conservation Headquarters and the National Maritime and Fisheries Museum.


In the field of happiness for the citizens of the island, ▲ Youth Farming Town ▲ Hopeful Stepping Stone Bankbook ▲ Youth Cultural Welfare Card ▲ Korea’s first expansion of our neighborhood welfare mobilization team ▲ 50% support for the tax-free oil increase difference (twice) ▲ 10% reduction in disaster insurance premiums ▲ Korea’s first 1,000 won passenger ship Operation ▲Expansion of public postpartum care centers (8th branch), etc., realizing the principle of citizens first.


In the field of the local era, it is leading a new regional era by creating specialized semiconductor complexes in Jeonnam and Gwangju, ▲ proclamation ceremony for a win-win vision for Yeongnam and Honam, ▲ a win-win agreement with Gyeonggi-do, and ▲ creating a super-wide mega city in Yeongnam and Honam in the southern region. In addition, ▲ the passing of the National Assembly of the ‘Special Act on Support for Depopulated Areas’ and the ‘Special Act on the Yeosu Expo’ and ▲ the government’s decision on the victims of the Yeosu-Sun Incident, etc., were resolved. Based on the achievements of the 7th popular election, Governor Kim Young-rok set 2023 as the first year of a 'great leap to compete with the world', unfolding a global journey to compete with the world's best, making Jeonnam the center of balanced development in Korea, and giving strength to the citizens. He expressed his plan to build a warm and happy community in Jeollanam-do. ◆ Realization of global Jeonnam standing tall in the world ▲ Attracting investment in high-tech strategic industries (scale of 30 trillion) ▲ Advanced semiconductor specialized complex ▲ Space launch vehicle specialized industrial complex ▲ World’s largest 8.2GW offshore wind power generation complex and green hydrogen energy island ▲ Distributed energy system ▲ A dedicated RE100 industrial complex where global IT companies gather will be created to lead the global new energy industry. In addition, ▲ Fostering a first-class university at Korea Energy Engineering University ▲ Research facilities for ultra-powerful lasers, a next-generation grid semiconductor center, and superconducting conductor test facilities for nuclear test reactors will be established to foster a world-class scientific center. To create a global tourism belt where culture, art, and tourism industries are converged ▲ Expansion of the southern region wide-area tourism development project by more than 3 trillion won ▲ Creation of the National Tidal Flat Wetland Garden ▲ Suncheon Bay International Garden Expo, National Sports Festival, International Ink Biennale, Visit Jeonnam Year With the successful hosting, the goal is to open the era of 100 million Jeonnam tourists and 3 million overseas tourists. To foster the future bio-industry of agricultural and fishery products, ▲high-tech agricultural industry convergence district ▲seaweed industry innovation cluster ▲eco-friendly export logistics platform establishment, etc. to foster high value-added industries through agricultural and fishery transformation, ▲nurturing 10,000 smart young farmers ▲establishment of the Namdo Food Promotion Institute ▲ The plan is to achieve $1 billion in agricultural food exports by expanding sales networks such as Namdo Marketplace US. ◆ Center of Balanced Development in Korea. For the construction of a new marine, cultural tourism, and eco-friendly Jeonnam capital, foster the south coast as a central axis of future new industries, such as ▲ ultra-wide offshore wind power industry belt with Jeonbuk and Jeju ▲ space industry belt with Gyeongnam ▲ elastic material belt with Busan and Gyeongnam . ▲ To foster new growth bases that will revitalize the region ▲ Attract public institutions such as the National Agricultural Cooperative Federation ▲ Foster 1 million Jeonnam Sarangae supporters ▲ Promote the Jeonnam-type Balanced Development 300 Project ▲ Expand and reorganize the integrated government offices in the eastern region to four offices Proceed. To expand the wide-area SOC, which is the main artery of the country ▲ Exemption from preliminary examination of the Jeolla Line high-speed railway and completion of the Gyeongjeon Line ▲ Gwangju-Yeongam Super Expressway and Gwangju-Goheung Expressway reflected in the national plan ▲ Aphae-Hwawon, Hwatae-Bakya, Yeosu-Namhae Undersea Tunnel, etc. It was decided to promote the marine tourism road without any problems. ◆ Happy Community Jeonnam. To create a warm and happy community in Jeollanam-do ▲Operation of Honam Youth Academy ▲Establishment of Youth Culture Center ▲Supporting dreams and hopes of young people by expanding Youth Culture and Welfare Cards ▲Expansion of support targets for our neighborhood welfare mobilization team ▲Support for travel products for the disabled ▲Customized jobs for the elderly ▲ Expansion of happiness policies such as support for heating costs for the elderly living alone ▲ Attracting the National Medical University to nurture it as a regional public medical command tower.


For SMEs struggling with high interest rates ▲ Special loan products worth KRW 100 billion and interest on loans ▲ Support for policy funds, interest and guarantee fees for small businesses ▲ Issuance of regional love gift certificates equivalent to previous years to vitalize the local economy plan to infuse


For farmers and fishermen who are having a hard time due to the rapid rise in oil prices and electricity rates, ▲extension of the tax-free oil support period, which is the first agricultural and fishery industry implemented by the province, for two more months ▲50% support for the increase in electricity rates for agriculture and fisheries ▲Support for livestock accident insurance and expand the scale of support.


Governor Kim Young-rok said, “In the era of great transition, the great Jeonnam that stands tall in the world depends on what we do from now on.”