The Korean government has banned imports of Japanese maritime products, and Japan is fighting back. After the Korean government banned imports of fish products from 8 prefectures adjacent Fukushima, the Japanese government made a visit to protest the measure and said it will consider further actions through the World Trade Organization (WTO). But it is questionable whether Japan has the right to file complaints when they brought upon such a disaster with their poor response to the nuclear power plant accident.The aftermath of the nuclear accident in Japan is still ongoing. It is frustrating to think of how much longer we must suffer the fears of radiation. The safety of our marine products is a crucial issue connected to the health of our people and sovereignty over quarantine, not something to be resolved through diplomatic rhetoric. Japan should be aware of their responsibility to relieve its neighboring states from the fear of radiation through their actions and not words.Japan's resistance was somewhat anticipated, given that Japan's fishing industry has been fiercely protesting after exports of their products were blocked due to Korea's ban. An official from Japan's Fisheries Agency is scheduled to meet with South Korean government officials today and explain the unfairness of the ban on Japanese fish products and officially request a lift on the ban.In addition, if the Korean government does not accept their request, the Japanese government will consider launching a complaint at the WTO, deeming the Korean government's action as an unfair trade practice, reported the Japanese media. It appears that conflicts between Korea and Japan over the import of marine products may trigger a diplomatic dispute.However, the Japanese government has long lost its credibility in the international market. A researcher from the Tokyo Electric Power Company responsible for the problematic nuclear power plants said that he did not think they could control the current situation [concerning the contaminated water]. In other words, this implies that the statement by Prime Minister Abe, who said, "The contaminated water can be controlled" at the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Session on September 7, was a lie.Even the Japanese government has confessed that they had no choice but to discharge the contaminated water to nearby waters. In the groundwater from an observation well at the Fukushima power plant unit 1, the radiation level soared, and reports have mentioned that even the groundwater is dangerous. In such a situation, we would like to ask if Japan is going to continue telling us to believe that everything is safe.Food safety is not an issue to be dealt with casually. Some in the opposition parties are even arguing that we should demand Japan for compensation since, "The price of domestic fish has plunged and the sales of fish at traditional markets have fallen by 40%." The South Korean government should convey the fears experienced by our people, explain the damages faced by the Korean fish industry, and demand the Japanese government for air-tight safety measures. A temporary ban on imports will not make this problem go away.The government should also clearly state that without additional measures from the Japanese government, the ban on imports can be expanded. In addition, the South Korean government should prepare a thorough response, so that the latest action will not lead to trade retaliation by Japan.
















































