Busan City held an emergency meeting on the 24th and discussed countermeasures as Japan announced the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant. Through a meeting held at the City Hall Disaster Safety Countermeasure Headquarters at 5:00 pm on the 22nd, the city decided to promote measures to strengthen seawater radioactivity monitoring and management, strengthen seafood safety and stimulate consumption, and analyze the impact on the local economy and take measures. About 40 people attended the meeting, including the head of the task force, Ahn Byeong-yoon, mayor of administration, as well as heads of offices, bureaus, and departments belonging to the task force team. Through this meeting, the city plans to install two additional unmanned seawater monitoring networks in the second half of this year as a measure to strengthen monitoring and management of seawater radiation. In addition, it was decided to continue to secure seawater analysis equipment, such as adding two mobile radioactivity rapid analysis equipment for rapid radioactivity testing of seawater from imported live fish. In addition, through comparative analysis of seawater in the east, west, and south coasts outside the city's waters, cross-analyze the safety of the city's waters, establish an information sharing system with university research institutes in the jurisdiction, and promote a wide range of seawater radioactivity surveys through cooperation with these institutions. am As a preemptive measure to verify seawater radiation safety, the city is already conducting a detailed analysis of representative radionuclides such as cesium and iodine at 10 radiation survey sites. Seven beaches in the city, including Haeundae, Songjeong, Gwangalli, Dadaepo, Songdo, Imnang, and Ilgwang, have been investigated for radioactivity every week since last July, when they opened. In addition, as a measure to strengthen the safety of marine products and promote consumption, by the second half of this year, two additional equipment for radioactivity analysis of food and marine products will be added, and a seafood safety campaign will be launched for safe marine products that have been scientifically and objectively verified. Along with this, it was decided to discover various seafood consumption promotion projects in connection with local festivals and events, such as aquatic product win-win discount support project. The city is already conducting radiation tests at each stage of import, production, and distribution, and is applying more than 10 times more stringent inspection standards than international standards. At the import stage, all seafood products produced in Japan's eight prefectures, including Fukushima Prefecture, are prohibited from being imported. Japanese marine products from other regions are inspected for radioactivity every time they are imported, and if even a little radioactive material is detected, importation is virtually blocked, such as requiring the submission of a strict certificate. In the production stage, radioactivity is inspected before distribution to consumers, such as before auction at the local consignment market and before shipment of farm products. All 285 radiation test results up to the 3rd week of August this year are suitable. At the distribution stage, radioactivity is inspected in the process of purchase by consumers such as markets and marts, and all 602 radioactivity test results until the 3rd week of August this year are suitable. The city decided to intensively monitor the impact on the local economy through analysis and countermeasures on the impact on the local economy, and prepare and implement appropriate preemptive measures such as support measures for fishermen so that fishermen can safely continue their livelihood if signs of crisis are found. To this end, the city is already operating a “constant monitoring system for diagnosing regional economic crises” through analysis of major economic indicators for preemptive management of regional economic crises.