Guri Mayor Ahn Seung-nam submits budget for 2021 to Guri City Council...
Propose directions for municipal administration such as joint response to the climate crisis and the Green New Deal... Establish a budget of KRW 711.3 billion, up 11.04% from this year -Reporter In-Gyu Ha (Guri = Break News, Northeastern Gyeonggi Province) = Guri Mayor Ahn Seung-nam submitted the budget for 2021 at the 1st plenary meeting of the 2nd regular meeting of the 301st Guri City Council on November 20. I gave a speech. Mayor Ahn Seung-nam is proactively implementing the G-quarantine measures this year, and this is thanks to the business owners, workers, and citizens who have dedicated themselves to quarantine for the safety of their families and communities rather than themselves, as the citizens of Guri themselves became the quarantine agents. Expressed first. Unless the corona 19 situation ends next year, all meetings, education, discussions, performances, and other various events will have to be reduced or suspended, and projects that cannot be done with Corona 19 and projects that are not effective will be boldly organized and through this, the Korean version of the New Deal. It announced that it will invest in future strategic projects in Guri, such as the project and joint response to the climate crisis. First, in order to realize the'Guri, the Citizens' Happiness Special City' where 365 days are happy, reflect and improve the situation of Corona 19 next year and the contents of festivals promoted throughout the city center of the previous year, from January 1 to December 31. It has announced that it will promote a culture and art policy of happiness that all citizens can enjoy, such as holding a 365-day festival. Second, strengthening health and health functions to prevent and block the spread of infectious diseases, expand health life support centers, establish a health management system for the underprivileged, and live sports around town to promote health such as enhancing citizens' immunity and expanding health and exercise infrastructure. We will manage as a healing space for a healthy life by expanding facilities, expanding joint use of school sports facilities with local residents, creating a civic sports ground, starting construction of Galmae public sports facilities and Geombae Cultural Sports Center, preparing Geombae Neighborhood Park Phase 2 project, and improving waterfront park facilities. Said that it will. Third, to accelerate the response to the climate crisis and to promote the Green New Deal, three areas including the green conversion of urban/space/living infrastructure in response to climate change that threatens citizens' safety, diffusion of low-carbon distributed energy, and creation of a green industry innovation ecosystem 7 Based on the “Green New Deal, Guri” comprehensive plan consisting of 40 major projects, a leading city for living bicycles, AI-based cutting-edge smart cities along the Han River, E-commerce logistics complex creation, Guri agricultural and marine products wholesale market relocation, food It also announced plans for mid- to long-term projects such as the Tech Valley project. Fourth, in order to create an economic city full of vitality by creating jobs and revitalizing the local economy, the successful promotion of business in the second year of revitalization of commercial districts, the goal of issuing Guri Love Gift Certificates of KRW 73.5 billion, an increase of 130% from this year, and the elderly, women, youth, and vulnerable groups It was announced that the construction of the second public parking building in the Guri traditional market will also be completed at the end of next year, while striving to support small businesses by creating customized jobs and introducing public delivery apps. In addition, by using the shared space in the Gurisutaek Happy House, which is scheduled to be completed next year, a community and social economy support center, a happy village management office, a care center, a worker support center, and a public service support center, etc., are installed for local residents. It has been revealed that the idle space in the distribution complex market that expires in the rental period is seeking various ways to use it, such as the Donggu-dong Administrative Welfare Center, the shared kitchen, the companion animal culture center, the local video media center, the disabled group office, and the transportation support center for the disabled. Fifth, for the realization of inclusive welfare that we care for and enjoy together, welfare services based on public-private partnerships such as revitalization of investment projects for 8 types of self-serving social services that reflect diverse needs such as children, the disabled, and the elderly, and community security councils and honorary social welfare officials. , Preventing and solving local welfare problems by strengthening networks with specialized welfare institutions, opening the Women's Happiness Center, remodeling the elderly welfare center, opening a lifelong education center for the developmentally disabled, promoting public funerals, and participating in the construction of joint business facilities. He announced that he would realize the welfare of being cared for without discrimination even to the grave. Sixth, in order to establish a citizen-satisfying urban transport system, we are carrying out a complete restoration work with the safest construction method in relation to the ground depression accident that occurred in the section of subway line 8 in August, putting the highest priority on citizen safety, and aiming to open it in the second half of 2023. It was reported that the operation of Byeolnae Line, which is being promoted, is planning to establish an optimal operating system through basic plan establishment services. Railroad transportation plans such as subway line 6, line 9, Bundang line-Gyeongchun line direct connection extension, and GTX-B line will be promoted in connection with the related metropolitan area plan and nearby urban development projects, and through the construction of Inchang Central Park and Geombae Neighborhood Park public parking lot. It also announced the status and improvement of convenient and safe transportation system such as realization of public parking lot, construction of public parking lot for Galmae-dong buses and taxi public parking lot in Inchang-dong and sharing of attached parking lot, expansion of wide-area road between Guri IC and Taereung, and Galmae IC construction project. Seventh, the'Guri Innovation Education District Season III' project was promoted in the first year of the'Guri Innovation Education District Season III' project, and the construction of the youth culture house started in the first half of next year, and the youth sexual culture center was officially launched in the beginning of next year to focus on the lifelong learning education city and democratic citizenship. The opening plan was also announced, and it announced that it will continue to spread the new normal non-face-to-face discussion culture in the post-corona era by activating public-private cooperation such as pilot operation of residents' associations, training community leaders in local communities, operation of resident autonomy capacity building programs, and operation of public forums. The total budget for next year is KRW 711.3 billion, an increase of 11.04% from the original budget this year, to KRW 548.3 billion in general accounts and KRW 166.4 billion in special accounts. Social welfare expenses amounting to 43.93% of the city's total budget and Jangja Lake Park Eco Park He also expressed his intention to set up a budget for an indispensable project for all citizens, not some specific class, due to the fact that the available financial resources are very scarce due to large investment projects such as the expansion project and the construction of Galmae public sports facilities. In the closing speech, cooperation with the city council amid the unprecedented crisis of Corona 19 is more urgent, and in particular, I sincerely ask for the wisdom, active interest, participation, and generous support of the Guri city council and members of the Guri city council and its members in promoting policies and concerns about the socially weak. I wished everyone's homes a new year of health and happiness.