Jeonnam-do, 1st supplementary budget increase of 663.8 billion… Total KRW 11.19 trillion

Provincial government maintains sound fiscal stance... Focus on strategic industries, public livelihood stability, and happiness policies


(Muan = Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = Jeonnam-do plans a 2023 budget of 11.19 trillion won, an increase of 663.8 billion won (6.4%) from the main budget (10.3381 trillion won) to revitalize the local economy and promote the happiness policy for the residents. It was announced that the first supplementary budget for the year was compiled and submitted to the Jeonnam Provincial Assembly.


This supplementary budget maintains a sound fiscal stance in consideration of unstable economic conditions and the prospect of a decrease in the government's national tax revenue, but focuses on provincial government-focused projects, revitalization of the agricultural and livestock industries, and policies for people's livelihood stability and happiness. In preparation for the prospect of a decrease in national and local tax revenue without issuing local bonds for two consecutive years, KRW 84.3 billion is accumulated in the Integrated Fiscal Stabilization Fund.


By sector ▲Fostering future strategic industries and revitalizing the local economy 64.8 billion ▲High quality agricultural and livestock products 90.6 billion ▲Promotion of youth support and customized happiness policies for citizens 56.4 billion ▲Support for events to attract domestic and foreign tourists and boost domestic demand 60.4 billion ▲Safe and good living 176.9 billion won was organized to create settlement conditions.


Major new projects are ▲ 2 billion won to build a technology development industrialization support center for commercialization of carbon dioxide power generation technology using waste heat from industrial processes in future strategic industries, 1 billion won to train manpower at a microorganism demonstration support center necessary for fostering the vaccine industry, 1 billion won to secure source technology for visual semiconductors 200 million won in support for regional innovation projects, which are R&D projects.


▲ 4.5 billion won to build a kimchi raw material supply complex to respond to Chinese kimchi in the agricultural and livestock sector and to supply safe kimchi raw materials, 6.5 billion won to create a seaweed industry promotion zone to improve the quality of seaweed products and enhance export competitiveness, smart fish farm system such as automatic feed supply 100 million won in support for fishery information and communication technology (ICT) convergence for establishment was reflected.


▲In the field of public livelihood stabilization and happiness policies, 3 billion won in special fund interest support for small and medium-sized businesses to revive small and medium-sized enterprises that are in trouble due to the base interest rate hike, and 200 million won in the 1,000 won breakfast project to provide breakfast support to college students who skip breakfast.


▲ 7.2 billion won for 5 projects, including Haenam Solaseido Water Performance Center and Shinan Food Tourism Theme Resources, which can be built this year, among the KRW 1.5 trillion southern wide-area tourism development projects that utilize the attractive coast, inland, and abundant island resources in the cultural and tourism sector. reflected


▲ In the field of safety and social overhead capital (SOC), 1 billion won for the rainwater storage facility installation project and 400 million won for the maintenance of old public rental housing are included to prevent flooding in low-lying areas that are habitually flooded and to utilize stored rainwater as water resources.


As a major budget for each focus area, KRW 64.8 billion was allocated to promote the local economy by fostering future strategic industries that will lead Jeonnam's great leap forward and supporting small and medium-sized businesses.


Establishment of empirical scale catalyst test bed for advanced petrochemical industry for technical support of Yeosu industrial complex companies with the goal of creating the world’s first petrochemical complex, 1.3 billion won, new and renewable energy convergence to build renewable energy source facilities such as solar power and fuel cells 2 billion won in support and 1.9 billion won based on demonstration support for messenger ribonucleic acid genetically engineered material (m-RNA) vaccines to build vaccine drug consignment production facilities.


To increase sales in local commercial districts and revitalize the local economy, 28.3 billion won in local love gift certificates and 1 billion won in interest support for small business owners to reduce their loan interest burden were increased.


90.6 billion won was allocated to lay the groundwork for the future food industry through smartization of agricultural, fishery and livestock products and export industrialization. 4.3 billion won for the consignment market modernization model establishment project to support the low-temperature distribution system for aquatic products, and 500 million won for 10% support for export logistics costs for farms and companies exporting agricultural products to strengthen the export competitiveness of agricultural products.


Expansion of support for accident insurance premiums for aquaculture products and safety insurance premiums for small fishermen in safety blind spots to create a stable aquaculture environment from disasters caused by abnormal weather, and insurance premiums for fishing boats that were subsidized only for fishing vessels of less than 100 tons and accident insurance premiums for fishing boats under 100 tons 1.6 billion won in subscription fees for four types of fisheries policy insurance, including expansion to all fishing boats, was organized.


In addition, KRW 600 million for designing a smart livestock information and communication technology demonstration complex to improve productivity of livestock facilities, and KRW 1.4 billion for the installation of quarantine infrastructure for livestock infectious diseases such as foot-and-mouth disease and African swine fever were increased.


56.4 billion won was allocated to support the settlement of the young population and to promote the happiness policy tailored to the residents first. 3.2 billion won from the job creation support project tailored to the local industry, which provides customized training and employment for young job seekers, and 4.7 billion won from the local-led youth job creation project, which supports monthly labor costs of 2.3 million won and education and training to secure stable youth jobs.


When small and medium-sized shipbuilding companies in Jeonnam hire young people under the age of 39, they have newly organized an eco-friendly smart shipbuilding and marine youth job project worth 1.2 billion won, which supports 2 million won in labor costs per month.


Young farmers who have completed more than 2 years of business practice rental farms will be provided with up to KRW 300 million of smart greenhouse installation costs, including their own burden, and a KRW 1.8 billion smart greenhouse construction support project for young farmers, and housing purchase interest when newlyweds and families with multiple children establish a home. 200 million won was increased to expand support from 150,000 won to 250,000 won per month.


1.7 billion won for the agri-food voucher pilot project to support agri-food to households with less than 50% of the median income, and 4.5 billion won for the reinforcement of facilities and equipment at local public medical centers, whose importance has been proven due to COVID-19.


60.4 billion won was reflected to attract domestic and foreign tourists and successfully host large-scale events. 1.8 billion won for the open tourism environment creation project to attract domestic tourists, 12.2 billion won and 3.1 billion won respectively for the Mokpo tourism base city development and Gangjin plan contest-type regional tourism development project to improve the tourism environment and travel content in the western Jeollanam-do region.


In order to achieve the goal of attracting 3 million overseas tourists, the project cost for attracting overseas tourists was increased by KRW 1.9 billion, including incentives for attracting new chartered flights and compensation for losses in attracting chartered flights.


For the successful hosting of the National Sports Festival in Jeonnam after 15 years, a total of KRW 5.3 billion was additionally allocated to support facility operation and improve the performance of the Jeonnam athletes.


176.9 billion won was allocated for the construction of Jeonnam, which is safe from disasters, and for the creation of a comfortable living environment. In order to protect the lives and properties of residents from the torrential rain caused by abnormal weather, an additional KRW 35 billion was reflected in the project to expand the cross section of the river and renovate the embankment. 11.8 billion won in the drainage improvement project for flooded areas was increased.


Increased local road maintenance project by KRW 16.3 billion for balanced development among regions and establishment of a basis for transportation and logistics, maintenance of old water supply and sewage pipes to improve drinking water by KRW 8.9 billion, expansion of sewage treatment plants to improve residential conditions by KRW 2.9 billion, sewage system for small villages in rural areas An additional 2.6 billion won was allocated for maintenance. In addition, for balanced development within the province and strengthening of administrative services in the eastern region, KRW 2.9 billion was increased for facility reinforcement and work environment improvement at the eastern regional headquarters. In addition, for an accurate and speedy investigation of the Yeosu 10/19 Incident, 200 million won of internal funds were additionally invested in addition to government funds, 30 billion won was transferred to the special account for firefighting, 7.5 billion won was settled for the special accounting for nuclear power plants, and 4.8 billion won was provided for education. 161.9 billion won was allocated for general administration. Jang Heon-beom, head of the Planning and Coordination Office of Jeollanam-do, said, “We maintained a sound fiscal stance in accordance with the prospect of a decrease in national tax revenue and local tax revenue.” It reflected the budget,” he said. Meanwhile, the supplementary budget proposed by Jeollanam-do is scheduled to be finalized at the plenary session after deliberation by the Standing Committee and the Special Committee on Budget and Accounts at the 1st regular meeting of the 372nd Jeonnam Provincial Assembly in June.

