Pohang Coast Guard to strengthen coastal accident prevention activities. Pohang Marine Police Station (Chief Seong Dae-hoon) decided to strengthen accident activities as fatal accidents due to personal carelessness and drinking frequently occur in the coastal waters of Pohang and Gyeongju. According to the Pohang Coast Guard on the 18th, a total of 114 safety accidents occurred in the coastal waters of Pohang and Gyeongju from 2019 to October this year, and this year, 10 deaths occurred in Pohang and 4 in Gyeongju. By type, there were 77 cases of drowning (67.5%), 19 cases of falling (16.7%), 11 cases of isolation (9.7%), 6 cases of drifting (5.3%), and 1 case (0.8%) of other accidents. The breakdown was as follows: 81 cases of personal carelessness (71%), 25 cases of drinking (21.9%), 4 cases of bad weather (3.6%), 3 cases of non-compliance with safety rules (2.7%), and 1 case of others (0.8%). Accordingly, in order to prevent coastal accidents, the Pohang Coastal Police Station sends disaster safety messages when a risk forecast is issued, strengthens patrols in dangerous areas for Marine Safety Association volunteers and local government fisheries resource guardians when the weather worsens, and transmits safety warning broadcasts using the broadcasting system of coastal villages and fishing villages. Additional implementation is planned. In addition, when the weather worsens, we strengthen access control to areas where falls and drowning accidents occur, issue an active risk forecast system when there are concerns about risks from coastal activities such as swell waves, and conduct joint inspections of coastal waters (areas where fatal accidents occur) with the local governments of Pohang and Gyeongju. Therefore, we plan to actively promote the installation of new safety facilities in hazardous locations. Chief Seong Dae-hoon said, “We will make more efforts to prevent coastal accidents by strengthening patrols in dangerous areas and thoroughly inspecting safety management facilities. In particular, the main cause of safety accidents is many accidents due to individual negligence, such as non-compliance with safety rules, so the public must be aware of their own safety. “You must have it,” he said.