The Yeosu Marine Police Station announced that one person died and 12 were injured in a series of marine accidents overnight.According to the Yeosu Coast Guard on the 13th, at 10:06 p.m. the previous day, Captain B (84 years old) of the 0.6-ton fishing vessel A (1 crew member) was at sea 50 meters in front of Gwangyeong Port, Gwangyang-si, and her children were reported by the Coast Guard because they did not answer the phone and did not come home.After receiving the report, the Yeosu Coast Guard identified the location of the fishing boat and dispatched a security vessel and rescue team. As a result, fishing boat A was found with its anchor down and only traces of fishing were found, while Mr. A sea and land search was launched.Mr. B was found in Ganchulyeo, about 920m offshore from the accident ship A, by a private marine rescue ship that was conducting a search, and was quickly handed over to the 119 rescue team, but unfortunately he died.Also, at 11:47 pm on the same day, a 9.77-ton fishing boat C (2 crew members, 16 passengers) and a 4.99-ton fishing boat D (2 crew members) collided in the sea about 5.5 km west of Sangbaek Island, Yeosu-si. The traffic control center (VTS) discovered the accident during monitoring and recognized the accident.After reporting the accident, the Yeosu Coast Guard dispatched a patrol vessel and confirmed that 12 members of the fishing boat crew complained of back pain and bruises, and that the fishing boat crew members suffered no damage.
Parts of the hulls of both ships were slightly damaged in the collision, but they were able to sail under their own power. After entering the port safely with the safety escort of a security ship, the patients were handed over to the 119 emergency service.An official from the Yeosu Coast Guard said, “We plan to conduct an autopsy to determine the exact circumstances of the accident involving a single-person fishing accident. As the collision between a fishing boat and a fishing boat is presumed to have been caused by careless navigation, we plan to conduct an investigation into the captain and passengers.” “It is,” he said.











 


































































