South Jeolla Province, full-fledged response to the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in Japan. Reinforcing safety by measuring real-time radiation in the provinces and seas and conducting radiation inspections at consignments (Muan = Break News) Correspondent Lee Hak-soo = South Jeolla Province announced that as Japan decided to begin discharging contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea on the 24th, it would launch a step-by-step response system, such as expanding safety investigations, measuring real-time radioactivity in sea areas, and conducting radiation tests at mountain sites. In April 2021, when the Japanese government officially decided on the marine discharge policy for radioactively contaminated water from Fukushima, and approved the 'action plan related to the design and operation of marine discharge facilities for contaminated water' by Tokyo Electric Power Company in July 2022, Jeonnam-do issued a 'management of safe production of marine products'. countermeasures were established. Accordingly, a task force (TF) consisting of 4 teams and 8 people is formed to carry out tasks such as reinforcing safety inspections of marine products and monitoring radiation. In addition, a step-by-step response plan is being established and implemented before, during, and after the discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants, and a dedicated response team is being formed to strengthen the monitoring system for radioactivity in sea areas and marine products, propose government support in preparation for contraction in consumption, and publicize safety to the public. In the pre-discharge step by step, Response strategy service Establishment of equipment to expand aquatic product safety investigation (2→4 units) Expansion of seawater monitoring (18→59 stations) Preparation of special laws and comprehensive measures to respond to discharge, Proposals for advance purchase and expansion of stockpiling (including farmed seafood) were promoted. When release begins in the future Expansion of fishery safety investigations from 800 cases of the existing 62 varieties to more than 1,200 cases of all varieties Strengthening the imported seafood distribution traceability system from 17 items to 21 items Expanding the country of origin indication items from 15 items to 20 items Reinforcing crackdowns Real-time measurement of radioactivity in the sea area in the province (4 locations), etc. will be promoted. In addition, wide-area monitoring of fishery guidance boats (1 vessel) management of 87 sea areas in villages for safe management of fishery products radiation inspection at production sites (19 locations) disclosure of safety test results of aquatic products in the production and distribution stages on the website Expansion of eco-friendly organic certification (30% of farming area) ) Safety publicity and collaboration with civic groups and related organizations were also included in the plan. In the continuous release stage, large-scale consumption promotion events proposals for measures against damage to the fishery industry and related industries proposals for government purchases of seafood products with reduced consumption periodic safety verification of Japan’s Advanced Liquid Treatment System (ALPS) to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to respond to contraction in consumption Request for data sharing Strengthen promotion of seafood safety. “We are expanding the safety inspection of aquatic products from farms to consignments and strengthening the radiation monitoring system for each sea area,” said Choi Jeong-ki, head of the South Jeolla Province Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Bureau. ”he said. “We will continue to strengthen the safety management of marine products to minimize damage to the fishery industry,” he added.

