Namdong-gu announced on the 13th that the Sorae Port Festival, a representative marine festival in the metropolitan area, will take the leap forward to becoming a cultural and tourism festival designated by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, based on its successful hosting this year. According to Namdong-gu, the district is applying for the Soraepogu Festival to be selected as the ‘2024-2025 Culture and Tourism Festival Designated by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism’ scheduled for February next year. The Culture and Tourism Festival is a system that the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism designates and supports through a preliminary stage among festivals based on local culture in order to enhance the qualitative growth and self-reliance of local festivals, and the Soraepogu Festival was previously selected as a preliminary Culture and Tourism Festival for 2020-2021. It has been done. Initially, the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism planned to designate it as a cultural and tourism festival through evaluation within the designated period, but considering that many festivals were canceled due to COVID-19, it was decided to proceed with the evaluation through this year's evaluation. Once designated as a cultural and tourism festival, it will receive various government support to strengthen the festival's capabilities, including government funding, use of the cultural and tourism festival name, and domestic and international promotional and marketing support. Namdong-gu plans to secure the festival's self-sustainability through designation as a cultural tourism festival and to grow into a representative domestic festival enjoyed by 26 million people in the metropolitan area, both in name and reality. The Sorae Port Festival was first held in 2001 to promote the excellence of marine products in Sorae Port, a representative tourist destination in the metropolitan area, and has continued to grow thanks to the positive response from tourists and local residents. This year’s festival, which celebrated its 23rd anniversary, focused on qualitative growth and highlighting the identity of ‘Sorae’ along with the launch of the Namdong Cultural Foundation. In addition, it is evaluated that it has actively taken steps to relieve public anxiety amid various negative factors, such as concerns about contaminated water from Japan's nuclear power plants, and has contributed to revitalizing citizens' consumption of seafood. ‘Turn concerns into opportunities’ to promote seafood safety. This year's Sorae Port Festival was held amid controversy over the discharge of contaminated water from a Japanese nuclear power plant, but the success of the festival dispelled some concerns and played a role in publicizing the safety of Korean marine products. Namdong-gu conducted special tests on 15 cases of 12 types of marine products sold in the Sorae Port area over a period of three weeks ahead of the Sorae Port Festival, and all received results showing no detection of radioactivity. In addition, Namdong-gu posted ‘radiation safety management information’ on the district website and the ‘seafood safety traffic light’ installed at the entrance to Soraepo-gu traditional fish market to relieve residents’ anxiety. During the festival, events such as a seafood food contest and fish porridge tasting using special products from Sorae Port were held to promote the excellence of local seafood. Through this, it relieved residents' anxiety and at the same time proved once again the safety of our marine products, contributing to promoting consumption of marine products, which had been somewhat discouraged. Proactive response to controversy over price gouging. Namdong-gu has also taken active action to address the controversy over some illegal businesses at the Sorae Port Fish Market and the issue of exorbitant prices at local festivals. Approximately 500 meters used in the fish market in the Sorae Port area were regularly inspected for damage and zero point adjustment status, and worked together to eradicate illegal trading through several meetings with the merchant association. The merchant association also made efforts to restore trust, including internal education and extending the period of business suspension when illegal business was detected. In addition, Namdong-gu participated in the ‘Good Price Campaign’ promoted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korea Tourism Organization, and set and operated most food prices at the festival venue under 10,000 won. In line with the campaign, information on the food sold at the festival was disclosed in advance, and tourists visiting the festival were able to enjoy a variety of foods without burden, receiving a great response. Qualitative growth of festival content. This year's Sorae Port Festival showed clear qualitative growth with the newly launched Namdong Cultural Foundation taking charge of planning and operation. In particular, various programs emphasizing the identity of ‘Soraebada’, experiential events for family visitors, and exciting stages were harmoniously combined. In addition, it focused on the people who lead a life in Sorae Port, recalled past memories such as narrow-gauge trains and salt farms and turned them into content, and differentiated attractions with a drone show and a fish lantern scenery street. The Sorae Port Festival has greater growth potential due to the designation of the Sorae Wetland Ecological Park as a national urban park and the completion of the Sorae Port National Fishing Port Project in 2026. It is evaluated that it goes beyond the local festival and contributes to the revitalization of the local economy as a tourism festival for citizens of the metropolitan area, while also meeting the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism's policy goal of ‘regional development through culture’.