Establishment of a base city for marine leisure tourism in 2024. This year, Changwon Special City presented a vision of “Changwon, the central city of maritime ports and logistics in Northeast Asia,” analyzed the major achievements of 2023 and began preparing specific plans for a leap forward in 2024.Major achievements in the marine port sector in 2023 include Establishing a foundation for normalization of the Gusan Marine Tourism Complex construction project Transferring special authority for Jinhae Port management and converting port facility usage fees into local revenues Establishing a foundation for expansion of inland land (land) in the port hinterland complex Vitalization of marine leisure and tourism Establishing the foundation Selection of a public contest for the new fishing village revitalization project Creating a clean marine environment by strengthening marine waste collection and processing, etc., laid the foundation for growth engines for major pending issues, while focusing on sustainable management of fishery resources and strengthening the competitiveness of fishing villages. It was a year.The Gusan Marine Tourism Complex construction project, a long-term project, has entered the normal track. Mayor Hong Nam-pyo attended the review of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and actively explained the city's firm will and various measures to secure public interest, which resulted in the passage of conditional business approval for the tourist complex that includes the golf course.Changwon City expects that once National Road No. 5 (Changwon Masan ~ Geoje Jangmok), which is currently being promoted, is completed and the new Gadeokdo Airport opens, it will greatly contribute to fostering the tourism industry and revitalizing the local economy as an axis of the southern coast tourism belt, and will enjoy the natural marine scenery. They announced that they would accelerate the creation of a family resort and residential tourist complex.Jinhae Port management authority was secured through the transfer of Jinhae Port special authority for the first time to a local government (April 27, 2023). The city acquired the status of Jinhae Port management agency, making independent port development possible that reflects the characteristics and demands of the region. In addition, the city actively advocated the need to convert port facility usage fees, which were collected as national funds, into local revenues, so that port facility usage fees of more than KRW 2 billion each year will be converted into local revenues from 2024. Based on this, city-friendly port development and citizen-centered projects will be implemented. It is expected that administrative services will be available.As the supply of port hinterland complexes at New Port and Jinhae New Port is less than demand, it is judged that there will be a limit to the supply of port hinterland complexes through dredged soil dump sites. In order to expand the port hinterland complex, the city requested the central government to expand and designate the onshore port hinterland complex. We continued to make suggestions, and finally, the need to designate the onshore port hinterland complex was specified in the ?4th port hinterland complex comprehensive plan?, thereby laying the foundation for the expansion of the land portion of the port hinterland complex at New Port and Jinhae New Port.In December of this year, in order to establish a foundation for revitalizing marine leisure and tourism, the first stage of civil engineering (infrastructure) construction of the ‘Changwon Jinhae Myeongdong Marina Port Development Project’, which had been promoted by signing a concession agreement with the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries in 2016, was completed.The Jinhae Myeongdong Marina Port Development Project is a national base-type marina development project that creates mooring facilities, accommodations, and commercial sites for 300 ships (150 on the sea, 150 on the land). In April, a management and operation strategy establishment service was provided to revitalize the marina port. has begun and is accelerating its progress with the goal of completing the project and operating the marina in the second half of next year.Gwangam Beach, the only beach in our city, was visited by 66,350 vacationers during the 51-day opening period from July 1 to August 20. The city devoted a budget of 700 million won to operation and safety management of the beach, contributing to the revitalization of the local economy with a production inducement effect of 8 billion won, an added value effect of 3.3 billion won, and an employment inducement effect of 39 people (35 directly employed). In 2023, three ports, Yulti Port, Okgye Port, and Yongho Port, were selected for the fishing village revitalization promotion project, achieving the feat of securing 15.7 billion won in national funds. Next year, the detailed design will be completed and construction will begin. In addition, in the 2024 Fishing Village New Vitality Promotion Project contest application, the Living Platform Creation Project (Type 2) includes a water village in Jinhae-gu and 2 Udo Ports, and a safety infrastructure improvement project. In (Type 3), 5 locations in Masan Happo-gu, including Janggi/Seondu Port, Bandong Port, Janggu Port, Nanpo Port, and Simri Port, have been submitted for public offering and are focusing on the final selection.Changwon City strived to create a pleasant marine environment by systematically managing marine debris and quickly collecting and disposing of it. At the end of March of this year, after the completion of the environmental purification ship Nubi, we carried out marine waste collection and transportation work around the coasts of coastal and island areas within the jurisdiction, processing 50 tons of marine waste, and improving the marine environment by removing floating waste within the shipping lane to prevent fishing boat accidents. Contributed to improvement.In addition, we prevented re-dumping of marine waste by purchasing and disposing of 116 tons of waste salvaged by fishermen during their fishing operations, established a regular marine waste collection system by operating a marine environment guardian (500 tons), and implemented a marine waste purification project on islands and remote areas (25 ha, 44 tons). , a total of 760 tons of marine waste was collected and processed, including regular processing of collected fishing waste (100 tons), purification of pollutants from fishing spots, and collection of sediment waste (6.5 tons), relieving citizen inconvenience and improving coastal and marine environmental pollution.Changwon Special Mayor Hong Nam-pyo said, “With this year’s major achievements as a driving force, in 2024, we will focus our administrative power on securing future food by preemptively responding to the creation of added value in the port and logistics industry by establishing the foundation for a marine leisure tourism hub city and creating a tripod centered in Changwon.” revealed.

