Yeongdeok-gun establishes seafood radioactivity inspection system...test results show ‘no abnormalities’. Yeongdeok-gun announced on the 31st that in response to the discharge of Fukushima contaminated treated water, it established an inspection system by introducing radioactivity testing equipment and demonstrated radioactivity testing on marine products within the district and found that no radioactive materials were detected. According to the military, on the 28th, they completed the installation of high-performance equipment capable of analyzing up to eight samples a day, including one gamma nuclide analyzer and one automatic sample injection device, and began a preemptive response to ensure the safety of seafood. The analysis laboratory was established at the LOHAS Fishery Food Support Center in consideration of expertise and stability, and the inspection system was strengthened by expanding the scope of analysis from seafood sold for sale in the Ganggu Fisheries Cooperative and Yeongdeok Northern Fisheries Cooperative to marine products from marine fisheries. Then, on the 31st, a demonstration was held with the attendance of Yeongdeok County Mayor Kim Gwang-yeol, County Council Chairman Son Deok-soo, county council members, Ganggu Fishery Association President Kim Seong-sik, Yeongdeok North Fishery Association President Kim Young-bok, and fishermen's representatives to inspect the marine products in the district. The results showed that no radioactive materials were found at all. In the future, Yeongdeok-gun will maintain the stability of marine products produced within the jurisdiction by reporting to the Daegu Regional Food and Drug Safety Office and conducting additional detailed inspections even if the test result shows only 1 becquerel (Bq), regardless of the radioactive material acceptance standard (100 becquerel (Bq) per 1 kg). In order to do this, we decided to apply strict standards. In addition, Yeongdeok-gun has been measuring radioactive contamination in seawater since last July, and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries is conducting regular inspections of marine radioactive materials starting from the waters off the livestock port within its jurisdiction and pre-distribution radioactivity testing for Ganggu Fisheries Cooperative salesmen, etc. to prevent contamination of marine products. A variety of measures are being implemented to address consumer fears and protect local fishermen.Test results can be checked through the Yeongdeok-gun website and electronic display boards within the district, as well as through the Gyeongbuk Marine Environment Information Application developed by the Gyeongbuk Provincial Fisheries Research and Development Institute. Baek Young-bok, head of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Department, said, “We will disclose the results of radioactivity testing for marine products transparently and quickly and actively accept requests for marine product testing from fishermen to ensure the stability of local marine products.” He added, “Fishermen in the jurisdiction who wish to have their seafood tested should contact the Oceans and Fisheries Department.” “Please,” he said. Yeongdeok-gun strengthens safe management and inspection of marine products, while promoting the consumption of marine products before Chuseok, discount sales events for marine products, and free seafood tasting events during the Yeongdeok Songi Festival to publicize the safety of local marine products and expand sales channels for fishermen in the region. We decided to pursue various measures to prevent damage to the fishing industry. Yeongdeok-gun Mayor Kim Gwang-yeol said, “We are doing our best in various ways to manage the safety of seafood so that consumers can safely eat seafood caught with blood and sweat by local fishermen in clean Yeongdeok.”