On the 13th, the Japanese government decided on a “basic policy on disposal of treated water” with a plan to discharge contaminated water stored at the Fukushima nuclear power plant site into the ocean. Accordingly, the contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant is expected to be discharged into the ocean for at least 30 years from 2023, two years later.In the 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake, some nuclear reactors at the Fukushima nuclear power plant were damaged, and hundreds of tons of radioactive water are generated every day at the Fukushima nuclear power plant. The Japanese government and TEPCO stored the contaminated water generated so far in tanks on the site of the nuclear power plant. They call it "treated water" in the name of the pollutant removed.However, contrary to their claims, about 70% of contaminated water does not meet the radiation safety standards, and some substances such as tritium cannot be filtered out. The Japanese government decided to reduce the concentration by mixing seawater by 100 to 1700 times before discharging contaminated water, but this is also not a perfect solution.The Japanese government's move has led to backlash in Japan, including fishermen near Fukushima Prefecture. The Japan Federation of Fisheries Cooperatives strongly criticized the Japanese government, saying, “It is an act of trampling on fishermen across the country.” Japanese citizens also protested against the discharge of contaminated water in front of the Prime Minister's residence and Fukushima Prefectural Office.Regarding Japan's decision to release contaminated water, the Korean government said, "We express our strong regret and will do all necessary measures for the safety of our people." He also criticized that "this decision not only poses a risk to the safety and marine environment of neighboring countries, but is particularly a one-sided measure made without sufficient consultation and understanding with Korea, which is the closest country."Regarding the Japanese government's decision to release contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, President Moon Jae-in told Japanese Ambassador Koichi Aiboshi, "We are very concerned about South Korea's geographical proximity and sharing the sea." He also said, "You will be well aware of these concerns of the people. I hope you will communicate them to your home country."In a statement, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs criticized, "It is extremely irresponsible and will seriously damage international health and safety and the interests of neighboring countries." On the other hand, the US and the IAEA supported the Japanese decision, saying that it was "in accordance with international safety standards."Won Hee-ryong, governor of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province, told the Japanese government that “we sternly condemn the violence against neighboring countries and citizens who share the sea.” I made it clear.Governor Won said, “Since last year, we have already insisted on the transparent disclosure and sharing of information related to the discharge of contaminated water in Fukushima through meetings of provincial governors on the coast of the Korean-Japanese Strait.” However, the Japanese government skipped all necessary procedures without making any efforts. And decided to release it,” he criticized. In addition, “five local governments, including Jeju, Busan, Gyeongnam, Ulsan, and Jeonnam, will form the'Contaminated Water Control Committee' to begin responding, and from tomorrow, we will discuss with experts right away to prepare countermeasures under international and domestic laws. According to this, Governor Won is considering recruiting resident plaintiffs to represent the Korean government and the Korean-Japanese coastal residents to proceed with civil and criminal lawsuits and international court lawsuits.The discharge of contaminated water in Japan is not a problem only in Japan. It is clear that Japan's irresponsible behavior will cause radioactive material to spread into the world's oceans. As a result, human life will be greatly threatened, and furthermore, there is a concern that even the earth's ecosystem will be disturbed.We must not hesitate to this behavior of Japan, and through diplomatic strategy and advanced negotiation capabilities, we must actively step forward to prevent Japan from threatening human life anymore. It should be borne in mind that in addition to the right to enjoy the benefits of life, Japan also has the responsibility to protect future life. Unexpectedly, the author summons General Ahn Jung-geun's theory of peace in the East. A new order in Northeast Asia such as politics, economy, security, diplomacy, and culture will be created. From this point of view, the three countries of Korea, China, and Japan should continue to discuss efforts to embrace the spirit of the general who knows the “peace community” in an equal position, and encompass the three countries as a true “political community.”







































