The Korean Ministry of Education said Friday that only "safety-confirmed" marine products are being used in students' meals, addressing parents' growing concerns over school food ingredients after Japan began its release of treated radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant this week. "The government puts the safety and health of our people first and is thoroughly checking the process in three levels starting from the sea to enable the production and distribution of safe marine products in Korea," the Education Ministry said in a statement Friday. According to the ministry, as a result of surveying 11,843 elementary, middle, high and special schools from March 2021 to May this year, there was no case of schools using Japanese seafood products. On Thursday, Japan began its discharge of contaminated water from the ruined Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant into the Pacific Ocean accordingly to plan, which has raised concerns for the Korean public, including parents worried about the safety of ingredients in their kids' schooltime meals. The government said it has conducted radiation tests on about 80,000 seafood products since 2011. A massive earthquake and tsunami struck Japan on March 11, 2011, causing a meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Korea banned seafood imports from eight Japanese prefectures near Fukushima since 2013 over concerns over their radiation levels following the nuclear meltdown in 2011. The Education Ministry said that it complies with the quality control standards for food ingredients under the School Meals Act, so that safe and quality ingredients can be used in school lunches. The ministry said that it is implementing "systematic management" of this process by identifying the country of origin and quality level of food ingredients through deliberation by schools' steering committees, in which parents participate. "We will continue to focus on student health and safety and work closely with related ministries and local education offices to strengthen management so that safe and high-quality ingredients are provided in school meals," an Education Ministry official said Friday.
