A public opinion poll conducted by Rep. Jeong Cheong-rae of the Democratic Party of Korea (Mapo-eul, Seoul, National Assembly Trade, Energy, Small and Medium Venture Business Committee) commissioned 'Opinion Survey Flower' on Monday, October 9, 23, targeting 1,003 men and women over the age of 18 across the country. Results (sampling error ±3.1% points, 95% confidence level) 82.1% of citizens responded that a government-level response to Japan's move to establish a nuclear waste disposal site in Tsushima Island was necessary. The response that there was no need for government-level response was 14.5%.70.2% of respondents were against Japan's push to establish a nuclear waste disposal site on Tsushima Island, while 23.6% were in favor.Currently, despite opposition from the mayor of Tsushima, the Tsushima City Council has decided to host a high-level radioactive waste disposal site and is pushing ahead again with the recommendation of a resident ordinance. The shortest distance from Tsushima to Busan is only 49.3km.72.9% must completely ban imports of Japanese seafood!In response to the Japan Trade Promotion Agency's announcement that it will begin to develop export markets for marine products and processed marine products to Korea in response to China's total ban on imports of Japanese marine products, 72.9% of respondents said that Korea should also completely ban imports of Japanese marine products. , 25.1% were opposed. Regarding the expansion of imports of Japanese seafood, 72.5% of respondents were against it, and 23.4% were in favor.Half of the people think they don't have to pay TV license fees if they don't want to.Regarding the separate collection of KBS license fees, half of the respondents responded that they do not think they need to pay the license fee. When asked, ‘Do you think you no longer have to pay the license fee if you do not want to pay it?’, 48.4% said yes and 51.6% said no. According to Article 64 of the Broadcasting Act, anyone who owns a television set must pay the KBS license fee.In addition, 80.3% of respondents answered that the construction of a high-level radioactive waste disposal site is necessary (11.6% said it is not necessary), but 56.4% were opposed to the establishment of a high-level radioactive waste disposal plant near their residence if benefits such as tax reductions and tuition support are provided. (38.1% in favor). 53.3% were against the nuclear power plant expansion policy of the Yoon Seok-yeol government, which expands nuclear power plants without a high-level radioactive waste disposal site, and 39.6% were in favor.Radioactive waste refers to waste generated in the process of operating a nuclear power plant and producing nuclear energy, nuclear fission products, leaks such as cooling water, and tools, cloth, paper, washing water, etc. used in experiments or work.Since reprocessing or recycling of high-level radioactive materials is not possible in Korea according to the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty, expansion of the nuclear industry is possible only by building a high-level radioactive waste disposal site.Cheong-rae Jeong: “The government must listen carefully to the voices of the people during the policy-making process.”Representative Chung Cheong-rae said, “Diplomacy must protect national interests, and policies must represent the voices of the people. The results of this opinion poll show that the diplomacy and policy decisions of the Yoon Seok-yeol government do not reflect the will of the people at all.” “We hope for diplomacy that puts national interests first, diplomacy that protects the safety of the people, and alternative energy policies. Diplomacy and policies that go against the will of the people must be reexamined by listening to the voices of the people,” he emphasized.







 


































































