Gyeongsangnam-do submits the first supplementary budget of KRW 552.9 billion.
Response to economic crisis for people's livelihood, strengthening the safety and health network of residents, fostering new growth engine industries, etc. [Break News = Reporter Ojisan] Gyeongnam Province submitted the first supplementary budget bill worth 552.9 billion won to the provincial council to urgently respond to the government's supplementary budget and to restore the livelihood economy, including support for small businesses.The total budget is 11,883.1 billion won including this supplementary budget. This supplementary budget is organized as a customized support budget for each sector, including support for damage to small businesses and small businesses, welfare support for the vulnerable, rapid response in accordance with the enforcement of the Serious Disaster Punishment Act, and reinforcement of the safety net for residents. The main details of the first supplementary budget for 2022 are as follows. ▲ 158 billion won in response to economic crises, including support for small business owners and SMEs. Support for the issuance of city and county love gift certificates 22.4 billion won, secondary compensation 10 billion won due to the expansion of support for small and medium-sized businesses, secondary compensation for policy funds for small businesses 6.6 billion won, credit guarantee fee support for small businesses 1.3 billion won, small business environment improvement support for small businesses 1.6 billion won, intercity bus 15 billion won in financial support for the company was organized. 83.4 billion won in living support expenses for quarantined and inpatients due to the rapid increase in Omicron confirmed cases, 12.4 billion won in income stabilization funds for corporate taxi and bus drivers, 6.5 billion won in special support for young people for a limited time in monthly rent to reduce the burden of housing expenses for young people, Youngrim support in overcoming COVID-19 Invest 2 billion won in the voucher. ▲ 146.3 billion won in strengthening the safety and health network of residents, including the Serious Disaster Punishment Act and Corona 19 response. In order to prevent industrial accidents following the enforcement of the Serious Accident Punishment Act, 1.8 billion won was organized, including the operation of the Occupational Safety and Health Guard Team. 3 billion won for life treatment center operation, 5.3 billion won for rapid antigen test kit support for vulnerable groups, 1.7 billion won for local quarantine job projects to support daily life quarantine in public facilities, 3.3 billion won for temporary support for COVID-19 response personnel at public health centers, modernization of facilities at Masan Medical Center 1.9 billion won will be allocated to strengthen the health and health system of residents. In addition, CCTV and public toilet emergency bell installation for crime prevention 900 million won, disaster risk area maintenance 5 billion won, road expansion and pavement 45.7 billion won, road facility maintenance 3.3 billion won, curved road improvement 3 billion won, sewage installation and management Additional budgets were allocated to support the safe daily life of residents, including 25.7 billion won and 6.1 billion won for the replacement of fire trucks, ambulances and firefighting equipment. ▲ Welfare support for the vulnerable, such as the disabled and children 77.2 billion won. The budget for welfare support for the underprivileged includes KRW 50.7 billion in medical expenses support for medical benefit recipients, KRW 8.2 billion in service support such as assistance to the disabled, KRW 2.4 billion in support for raising children with disabilities, and KRW 1.7 billion in support for the developmentally disabled. Childcare support project 1.5 billion won, child protection agency operation 300 million won, self-reliance settlement support for children who have ended protection 200 million won, youth protection and activity support such as after-school academy, 500 million won, youth job search activity allowance 900 million won, youth The budget for each age group, from children to young people, was reflected, including the rental housing supply project of 700 million won. ▲ Gyeongnam Future New Growth Engine Industry Development KRW 44.4 billion. To attract companies to Gyeongnam, a budget of 18.8 billion won in local investment promotion subsidies and 1.2 billion won in investment subsidies for companies returning to Korea was established. In addition, 5.3 billion won to build a Tongyeong hydrogen transportation complex to lay the foundation for a hydrogen production base, 3.5 billion won to create an aviation MRO industrial complex, 2.6 billion won to support all-cycle technology to improve the durability of hydrogen electric vehicle parts, and 2.1 billion won to the next-generation smart factory regulation free zone using 5G this is put in. In addition, the budget was reflected in new industries such as materials, parts and energy that will lead the future of Gyeongnam, such as 400 million won for operation of a specialized material parts and equipment complex and 400 million won for manpower training project, 100 million won for small module nuclear power plant development support, and 300 million won for building a base for ultra-high voltage DC-based power equipment. . ▲ 54 billion won in support for agriculture, forestry, marine and livestock industries 10.5 billion won for the Fishing Village New Deal 300 project, 1 billion won for the island care project where you want to live, and 1.4 billion won for the maintenance of fishing port facilities. Drainage improvement including installation of a drainage pumping station on farmland, KRW 7.7 billion, support for export logistics costs of agricultural products KRW 1 billion, support for building dormitories for foreign workers to secure rural manpower KRW 900 million, water development project for drought 600 million KRW, support for installation of quarantine facilities to prevent the inflow of African swine fever 7 The budget was increased for agriculture, forestry, marine and livestock industries, including KRW 100 million and installation of quarantine infrastructure such as CCTV KRW 700 million. Gyeongnam Provincial Governor Ha Byung-pil said, “This supplementary budget has been formulated with a focus on overcoming COVID-19, revitalizing the local economy, and strengthening the safety net for residents. said. This supplementary budget will be finalized on the 25th after deliberation by the provincial council to be held from March 16th.