Extending Help to Quake VictimsKorean companies are working hard to help Turkey and Syria, which were hit hard by massive earthquakes. They are continuing to donate money and deliver relief goods for earthquake recovery and rescue work in Turkey.On Feb. 10, Samsung Electronics decided to provide a total of US$3 million in cash and in-kind support to help the earthquake victims in Turkey. It will donate US$1.5 million in cash to the Disaster and Crisis Management Agency of Turkey and another US$1.5 million in relief goods, includin portable ultrasound diagnostic devices needed at disaster sites, electric home appliances for temporary accommodations for victims, digital educational tablets for children of families affected by the disaster, and vehicles for home appliance repair services.Hyundai Motor Group will provide relief donations worth US$2 million to Turkey and Syria. The donations will be delivered through the Korean Red Cross and used for local relief activities and recovery from damage. In addition to the donation, Hyundai Assan Otomotive Sanayi (HAOS) in Turkey is providing emergency support. It will provide a total of 500,000 euros of in-kind support, including 250,000 euros worth of lifesaving equipment such as cutters and grinders necessary for rescue work at buried sites, and 250,000 euros for daily necessities such as food, sanitary products and winter goods.SK Group has decided to provide US$1 million in support on Feb. 10. This support fund will be used for the procurement and delivery of relief goods and rescue and relief activities in earthquake-hit areas in Turkey.LG Group will donate US$1 million to the Korean Red Cross. The donated money will be used for the restoration of affected areas and support for the victims through consultation with the Turkish government. Along with this, LG Electronics' Turkish subsidiary also delivered its own relief funds for the earthquake victims through the AHBAP, a local non-profit relief organization.POSCO Group decided on Feb. 6 to donate US$1 million to the Korean Red Cross for emergency relief of the earthquake victims.Lotte Group donated US$500,000 through the Community Chest of Korea, and Lotte Chemical’s Turkish subsidiary decided to provide donations and goods worth US$100,000.KEPCO and its electric power generation affiliates also decided to help the victims by raising 1 billion won in disaster relief funds.Support with equipment for earthquake damage recovery is also continuing. On Feb. 8, Doosan Group provided Doosan Bobcat construction equipment worth US$1 million to help with relief and recovery activities at earthquake-stricken sites in Turkey. HD Hyundai also provided 10 medium-sized excavators for earthquake damage restoration work.HL Group donated US$300,000 in relief money to a local relief organization. Hyundai Marine and Fire Insurance donated US$100,000 in relief funds through the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).Amorepacific Group and Krafton have also decided to donate US$100,000 each for relief activities. KT&G provided 300 million won in emergency support funds through the Korean Red Cross.E-Land Group has decided to provide 62,000 emergency relief goods including coats and thermal underwear worth 2.3 billion won. BYN Black Yak Group also prepared 100 million won worth of winter clothes such as outerwear, T-shirts, and pants for damaged areas of Turkey and delivered them to those suffering from the disaster through Korean Embassy in Turkey. Kolon Group provided its own products (tents and others) worth 330 million won.Jung Suk-yeepr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution