In Daegu, the event will begin at 7 am on January 1st at Sunrise Hill in Dong-gu, a representative sunrise location, and events will also be held at sunrise spots in Suseong-gu, Dalseo-gu, Apsan in Nam-gu, Buk-gu, and Dalseong. In Gyeongbuk, sunrise events are scheduled in 21 cities and counties at Homigot and Yeongdeok Samsa Marine Park. However, Gyeongbuk-do does not hold provincial-level events to prevent avian influenza and ‘lumpiskin’. Homigot, Pohang, a famous sunrise spot, will host the ‘Homigot Korean Sunrise Festival’ from the 31st to January 1st of next year. In Gyeongju, the ‘New Year’s Sea Dragon Festival’ will be held in the area of King Munmu’s Tomb on January 1st, starting with the ‘New Year’s Eve Bell Ringing Ceremony’ on the night of the 31st in the Bonghwangdae area. Starting on the 31st, Gumi City will hold a 'New Year's Citizens' Well-Being and Happiness Wishing Event' at Dongrak Park Square, and will hold a event in Cheongsong (upper dam of pumped storage power plant), Yeongdeok (Samsa Marine Park), Goryeong (Daegaya Living Village), Seongju (Gayasan History and Myth Park), etc. Bell-ringing ceremonies and sunrise events are also scheduled to be held in Chilgok (Craft Theme Park), Uljin (Mangyangjeong Beach), and Bonghwa (location undetermined). New Year's events are also held everywhere. Gimcheon City will hold a bell-ringing ceremony to welcome the New Year at the Gimcheon Citizen's Grand Bell, and Andong City will hold a sunrise event at the Andong International Convention Center. Events are also scheduled in Yeongju, Sangju, Mungyeong, Gyeongsan, Uiseong, Yeongyang, Yecheon, and Ulleung. Meanwhile, as large-scale events involving large numbers of city and provincial residents are held simultaneously after the coronavirus pandemic, awareness of safety is also being demanded. At the 343rd 2nd regular meeting and the 3rd Culture and Environment Committee held on the 11th, Rep. Jeong Gyeong-min of the Gyeongbuk Provincial Council said, “Even if it is the same event every year, climate change and “We must take into account that the scale of the event may vary due to environmental impacts, etc.,” he said. “In the case of the upcoming sunrise event on January 1, 2024, it is expected that more and more people will flock due to the meaning of the ‘Year of the Dragon Dragon’ and the general election. “There is a need for thorough inspection and planning to prepare for safety,” he said, requesting special attention and inspection from the executive branch. In addition, at the Budget and Settlement Committee, Rep. Park Gyu-tak (proportional, vice-chairman of the Culture and Environment Committee) said, “Safety issues are being raised at the Sunrise Festival,” and added, “The Disaster and Safety Office as well as the Autonomous Administration Bureau are using all methods to ensure safety inspection as well as preparedness.” “We must do our best,” he ordered. Regarding this, Gyeongbuk Province said, “As we expect a large number of residents to flock to the area, we will focus our utmost attention on safety issues to ensure a safe New Year.”