The Busan City Council adopted the 'resolution against ocean discharge of radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant' at the 4th plenary session of the 313th extraordinary session on the 2nd. On this day, the city council announced that it had adopted a resolution against the unilateral discharge of radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in Japan, which does not comply with the IAEA international standards, as a proposal of the Maritime City Safety Committee. In the resolution, the city council pointed out. “Even though the dangers of contaminated water have already been known by experts at home and abroad, the Japanese government has rejected the unreliable claim that safety can be secured through multi-nuclide removal facilities and concentration dilution of contaminated water with numerous types of radioactivity." The city council demanded "The government should secure data related to contaminated water and actively respond to the Japanese government based on objective analysis by domestic experts and the results of the IAEA's investigation," In addition, The council urged, "We will have to resolve public anxiety by strongly demanding the Japanese government for an objective verification procedure for radioactively contaminated water." and also urged three things, The government should strengthen the establishment of a marine monitoring system for radioactivity inspection and prepare a system that can share monitoring results transparently in real time! The government should further strengthen radiation safety inspections for marine products, and prepare a manual to respond immediately in case of radiation detection! Avoid the spread of ‘fake news related to contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant’ that causes enormous confusion and damage to fishermen and fishermen in Busan with inaccurate information! Ahn Je-kwon, chairman of the Maritime City Safety Committee, said, "We plan to do our best in the future, actively jointly responding with the city of Busan as well as related provincial and provincial councils to fundamentally resolve citizens' anxiety regarding the issue of the discharge of radioactively contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant." The city council will deliver the resolution adopted on this day to the Office of the President, the National Assembly, the Office of the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, and the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission. 