Buan Coast Guard urges vessel operators to conduct safety checks So far this year, 24 water leisure equipment accidents have occurred Reporter Kim Hyun-jongAs a result of analyzing the current status of water leisure equipment accidents that occurred over the past three years, it was found that accidents were concentrated in summer and fall, and water leisure equipment accounted for 18.4%.Jeonbuk Buan Marine Police Station said, “Over the past three years (2020-2022), there have been a total of 83 water leisure equipment accidents within the jurisdiction, of which 35(42%) occurred in the fall season (September to November), and so far this year. “Out of a total of 24 water leisure equipment accidents, a total of 8 (33%) occurred in September and October,” it was announced on the 25th.Looking at the accidents by type, ▲ Engine failure = 15 cases(62%) ▲ Fuel exhaustion = 3 cases(13%) ▲ Flooding = 3 cases(13%) ▲ Sinking = 2 cases(8%) ▲ Minor contact = 1 case(4%) etc.In particular, it was analyzed that most accidents, such as engine failure and fuel depletion, could be prevented through thorough safety inspections and pre-departure inspections.In fact, at around 7:39 am on the 25th, an accident occurred where leisure boat A (0.65 tons) drifted due to a propeller failure in the sea about 6 km east of Hawang Island.After receiving the rescue report, the Coast Guard dispatched rescue boats from the Wido Police Station and Byeonsan Police Station to the scene, confirmed the safety of the five crew members, confirmed that there was no other damage other than the propulsion failure, and took on a safety management mission to ensure that the towing vessel could enter Gyeokpo Port. carried out Prior to this, at around 6 a.m. on the 22nd, a tugboat and a 7.93-ton fishing boat collided in the sea 1.6km east of Sangwangdeungdo Island in Wido-myeon(32km from Gyeokpo Port). Four people were taken to the hospital in cardiac arrest and 14 people suffered minor injuries. happened.In this accident, the fishing boat capsized and the crew fell into the sea, but all 18 people were found wearing life jackets and none of them were missing. All were rescued by nearby fishing boats and the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard urgently formed an investigation headquarters to investigate the captain and the Coast Guard. We are investigating the exact circumstances of the accident while keeping all possibilities open to the rescued crew members.Buan Marine Police Station Chief Seong Seong-ju(Chief Inspector) said, "Whenever we analyze marine accidents every quarter, many accidents are caused by human factors such as 'insensitivity to safety' and 'carelessness of ship workers', which are pointed out as the main causes before departure." "You can enjoy leisure activities safely at sea if you go through a thorough verification process, so please check and confirm regularly for safety."He added, "We will do our best to prevent accidents by mobilizing all available forces during the vulnerable early morning hours, including intensive management of sea areas where fishing boats and water leisure equipment are concentrated."







