[Break News Southern Gyeonggi = Suwon Reporter Lee Gwi-seon] Suwon Special Mayor Lee Jae-jun said, “We will do our best to protect citizens’ ‘safe meals’ by significantly strengthening safety inspections of marine products in agricultural and marine product wholesale markets.” Mayor Lee Jae-jun posted a post on his personal SNS (Facebook) on August 31 and announced the response, saying, “Suwon City has been preparing countermeasures even before Japan discharged nuclear contaminated water into the ocean.” He also said, “I will closely understand the difficulties faced by retailers and small business owners related to seafood and find ways to help them.” Suwon City has been conducting ‘radiation safety tests’ once a month since August on marine products distributed at the Suwon City Agricultural and Marine Products Wholesale Market, which used to be conducted once a quarter. Radioactivity safety testing is to check whether radioactive substances such as iodine and cesium are detected above the standard level. Samples for inspection of marine products are collected and submitted to the Agricultural and Marine Product Safety Inspection Center of the Gyeonggi Province Health and Environment Research Institute. The agricultural and marine product wholesale market has been conducting safety tests on distributed marine products since January 2014, and so far, all have been judged ‘compliant’. A simple test using a simple radioactivity meter (T401) is performed every day. In the simple test, if the standard exceeds 3cps (cps: the measurement unit of total radiation signals generated per second), distribution is immediately stopped and a detailed test is requested to the Gyeonggi Provincial Health and Environment Research Institute. Mayor Lee Jae-jun said, “There will be no radioactive unsuitable seafood on our children’s lunch tables,” and promised, “We will conduct radiation safety tests on all seafood included in school meals, including domestic seafood.” Currently, Japanese marine products are excluded from the purchasing stage of ingredients for kindergarten, elementary, middle, and high school lunches. We plan to strengthen inspection of country of origin labeling of all marine products distributed in Suwon City. The country of origin labeling of marine products sold at agricultural and marine product wholesale markets is inspected daily, and marine products sold in traditional markets, raw fish restaurants, restaurants, etc. are monitored on a regular basis by mobilizing personnel to inspect the country of origin labeling. Mayor Lee Jae-jun said, “Citizen safety is the reason for the existence of the administration,” and added, “I will ensure that the wishes of citizens who want to feed their families the safest food are fully respected.”