K10 Ammunition Resupply Vehicle (left) and K9 Thunder SPH artillery system (right)Founded in 1977, Hanwha Aerospace has become a leading company in the aerospace industry in South Korea. Today, its products serve not only aerospace but also the defense and marine sectors. With an unwavering focus on customer-centric quality management, technological innovation, and product competitiveness reinforced by advanced technologies, it is surging forward as a global leader in the burgeoning space and aerospace business as well as in the land, sea, and air defense industries.Its Space Division boasts unparalleled expertise in space launch vehicle engines. It has successfully produced six liquid propellant engines for Nuri, the Korea Space Launch Vehicle-II (KSLV-II), in addition to producing key components such as turbo pumps and valves, attitude control systems, and thruster test facilities. Its state-of-the-art technologies are helping advance South Korea’s space and aerospace industry. In June 2022, South Korea achieved a remarkable milestone by launching a 1-ton satellite into space using only domestic technology, the seventh country in the world to do so. The Space Division played a critical role in developing the 75-ton liquid rocket engine for Nuri, taking the country’s space technology to the next level.In December 2022, Hanwha Aerospace was appointed system integrator for the Korea Space Launch Vehicle Program in recognition of its proven capabilities in business execution and technological expertise. Starting with Nuri’s third launch for the first half of 2023, and through a total of four additional launches by 2027, it will achieve its goal of having system integration and launch operation technologies transferred from the Korea Aerospace Research Institute. In doing so, it will be able to upgrade existing launch vehicle technology and lead efforts to create a robust space industry ecosystem. It is also committed to progressively improving our core capabilities in developing successor projects to Nuri for the next generation of launch vehicles, including localizing core components, introducing lighter-weight materials, and enhancing engine performance.In addition to developing launch vehicles, the Space Division is focusing on building a value chain for the space industry. In 2021, it acquired a 30% stake in Satrec Initiative, a South Korean developer of core satellite technologies that support Space Eye-T, a constellation of the world’s highest-resolution Earth observation imaging satellites. It is also partnering to develop future businesses that will utilize satellite data. As a key supporting affiliate of Space Hub, Hanwha’s oversight venture into the space industry, the company is actively exploring a variety of future business opportunities that bring together its existing strengths and capabilities in the space industry.Lithium-ion battery systems for submarinesHanwha’s Electric Propulsion System Division is growing as an eco-friendly powertrain supplier in urban air mobility (UAM), a promising area of growth in future mobility. It is developing a highly reliable electromechanical actuator for next-generation transportation as well as hydrogen fuel cell systems for UAM. By 2025, it aims to take the lead in creating an ecosystem for the domestic UAM market by securing core technologies for hydrogen fuel cells for aviation. Leveraging its lithium-ion battery systems for submarines, it is also developing a next-generation energy storage system (ESS) optimized for general ships, which will allow the company to lead in the eco-friendly ship market.The 75-ton liquid propellant engine for Nuri, the Korea Space Launch Vehicle-IIAdvanced jet trainer/light fighter engine (F404-102)Building on its extensive expertise in aircraft engine technology, the Engine Parts Division has become a key partner of global aviation engine companies such as GE, Rolls-Royce, and Pratt & Whitney, which has strengthened the company’s competitive stance around the globe. Hanwha continues to expand its global network, including in overseas production subsidiaries. In 2016, the company entered into a joint venture with Pratt & Whitney to operate a Singaporean manufacturing company as well as a Risk and Revenue Sharing Partnership (RSP) designed to co-build a next-generation aircraft engine. In 2017, it established a production base in Vietnam to improve its cost competitiveness and increase production capacity. In 2019, Hanwha acquired EDAC Technologies, a U.S. aircraft engine component manufacturer, and launched Hanwha Aerospace USA to expand its product portfolio and leverage high-end processing technology.At Hanwha’s Land Systems (LS) Division, it develops state-of-the-art weapons systems designed to produce sustained growth in all arenas of the defense industry, including artillery, armored vehicles, air defense, amphibious systems, and manned-unmanned teaming systems.In artillery systems, the company developed the K9 self-propelled howitzer (SPH) based on its experience of producing K55 SPHs. Its world-class K9 Thunder SPH artillery system is recognized for excellent firepower, maneuverability, and survivability.K10 Ammunition Resupply Vehicle and K9 Thunder SPH artillery systemKnown for high-quality standards, the K9 is exported to eight countries worldwide and holds the largest market share in the global SPH market. Its continuous improvements in performance have expanded its entry into advanced defense markets, such as the UK and the US. The K10 Ammunition Resupply Vehicle, the world’s first fully operational automated ammunition support system, works in conjunction with the K9, further ramping up the speed of ammunition delivery. In addition to these systems, the Division also manufactures a variety of land-based launcher systems and naval launchers.The company is proud to offer a diverse portfolio of armored vehicles that are highly effective in Multi-Domain Operations (MDO). Key products include the 120 mm self-propelled automatic mortar system, which offers superior combat distance and firepower compared to conventional mortars; seven types of specialized armored vehicle models that rely on technologies from the K200 Armored Personnel Carrier, such as the NBCRV (Nuclear Biological Chemical Reconnaissance Vehicle); and the K21, a world-class infantry fighting vehicle. Hanwha is also promoting the REDBACK, a future-ready armored vehicle, for overseas markets. In air defense systems, we are incorporating advanced technologies to develop best-in-class systems optimized to respond to and defend against various aerial attacks, bolstering the ROK military’s air defense capabilities. The Hybrid BIHO self-propelled air defense system, recognized as highly effective, leverages artillery and missile system strengths to intercept low-altitude infiltration targets. The Anti-Aircraft Gun Wheeled Vehicle System (AAGW) includes low-cost highly efficient 30mm twin air defense guns and has been in use by the South Korean military since 2021.In amphibious systems, Hanwha is currently engaged in cooperative production of the KM3, a South Korean type of amphibious bridging vehicle, which is key in providing rapid mobility support for the military. The company is also developing its own improved ribbon bridge equipment. In addition, it is engaged in active R&D to upgrade the primary armored personnel carrier for the ROK Marine Corps, the Korean Amphibious Assault Vehicle (KAAV-II), which will replace the current KAAV model with significant advances in mobility, protection, and firepower. In manned-unmanned teaming systems, Hanwha is integrating manned and unmanned systems that will optimize mission effectiveness and reduce human casualties in future battlefield scenarios. The company’s emphasis on core technologies, such as artificial intelligence, remote control, and autonomous driving, has put it at the forefront of technological innovation in the military sphere. Current initiatives include developing remote unmanned K9 SPH, unmanned search vehicles, and multipurpose unmanned vehicles.Since entering the defense industry in 1974, the PGM (Precision Guided Munition) Division has focused on global competitiveness and expanding business related to guided weapons, advanced ammunition, and lasers. In guided weapons systems, Hanwha is developing projects across land, sea, and air as it advances weapons systems from propulsion engines to integrated guidance and control systems. Its flagship product, the CHUNMOO, was the first company-led system development project in South Korea, which became fully operational in 2015, and significantly enhanced the power of the ROK Army. By maintaining advanced global quality, technology, and price competitiveness, Hanwha provides customized solutions to overseas customers. It will expand its global footprint by securing a variety of range-specific solutions.CHUNGUMIn addition, The company is prioritizing L-SAM, long-range surface-to-air missiles, and CHUNGUM, an air-launched anti-tank guided missile, carried on a LAH (Light Armored Helicopter). These are crucial pillars that support the South Korean missile defense system. Given the growing demand overseas for anti-tank guided weapons and increased need in domestic operating platforms, the company is developing CHUNGUM to be compatible with ground platforms that will target international markets.Hanwha’s advanced ammunition systems offer unrivaled technology in ammunition core components, including detonators and propellants. It will participate in precision-guided ammunition projects to continue to sharpen its technology in ammunition systems precision and guidance. As the nation’s leader in laser technology, it is developing a future weapons system that applies high-energy laser technology while promoting localization of original technology.At its Navigation Systems Division, Hanwha specializes in developing and manufacturing advanced navigation systems that play a critical role in advanced weapons systems. The navigation system’s advanced equipment controls a platform's movement by providing essential information on speed, position, and attitude. With high-level expertise in gyro sensors, the core technology of navigation systems, the company boasts unparalleled technology in this field. Navigation systems were once primarily used only in the military, such as for guided missiles and aircraft, but applications have since expanded into commercial arenas, including in drones, robots, and autonomous vehicles, highlighting the potential for this field to become a mid- to long-term growth engine.Hanwha Aerospace acquired Hanwha Defense and Hanwha Corporation/Defense in November 2022 and April 2023, respectively. It is leveraging the expertise of each affiliate in the arenas of land, sea, air, and space technologies in order to create maximum synergy and seek sustainable growth by improving its global competitiveness. The company remains dedicated to securing next-generation core technologies and strengthening quality competitiveness to become a global leader in future technology.Yoon Young-silpr@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution