Discharging contaminated water poses a threat, causing damage to people’s health and the economy, and continuous efforts must be made to slow down the discharge of contaminated water as much as possible.Representative Kang Hoon-sik (Democratic Party of Korea, South Chungcheong Province) pointed out on July 26 that a national research institute had not made public a report on the response strategy for contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant, and today the contents of the report were obtained and made public. did.This report, titled “Basic Research for Establishing a Strategy for Responding to Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants,” was conducted as a collaborative study between research institutes under the National Research Council for Economics, Humanities and Social Sciences, and was hosted by the Korea Maritime and Fisheries Development Institute and conducted by the Korea Environmental Research Institute, the Korea Legislative Research Institute, and Korea Atomic Energy. The research was carried out collaboratively.As the ‘Korean Summary’, the first page of the report, states, “Pollution does not consider the boundaries of national jurisdiction,” the world’s oceans are connected, and individual countries’ maritime activities and pollution actions have an impact on the entire ocean. I can give it. Japan's plan to discharge contaminated water from nuclear power plants into the Pacific Ocean over 30 to 40 years starting in 2023 poses an actual and potential threat to 'pollution (1%) biodiversity' and the ecosystem, which must be conserved and used sustainably by all of humanity. can be given. In addition, there are concerns about negative environmental and socioeconomic impacts and damage to our country’s public health and safety, fisheries, marine tourism industry, etc.”In addition, the page states, “In order to respond to the problem of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in the future, we must first continue to make efforts to slow down the ocean discharge of contaminated water from Japan’s nuclear power plants as much as possible. However, a systematic response plan must also be prepared in case contaminated water from nuclear power plants is discharged into the ocean in 2023. Accordingly, in this study, under the policy goal of 'securing public health and safety from contaminated water from nuclear power plants,' 3 major strategies and 11 major tasks were presented, including establishing a response system to the impact of the national economy, strengthening scientific response capabilities, and strengthening international cooperation and policy base. “It concludes.Meanwhile, as a policy proposal, the study suggested that “multifaceted efforts should be made to prevent nuclear discharge of contaminated water into the ocean, and that it is necessary to clarify policy goals and policy directions, including cases where nuclear power plant contamination is discharged.” The specific policy direction is, “First, we must prevent health and safety damage caused by contaminated water from nuclear power plants, and second, we must improve our capacity to observe, predict, and evaluate the impact of contaminated water from nuclear power plants.” Third, in order to maintain and promote the value of the ocean as a commons, it is proposed that the three major strategies should be“establishing an effective and systematic response system to the problem of contaminated water from nuclear power plants by strengthening international cooperation and cooperation related to contaminated water from nuclear power plants.” I'm doing it.Who is unscientific? It must be revealed why they helped release contaminated water while disclosing the report of a national research institute. Representative Kang Hoon-sik said, “The conclusion of the Korean research institute was that the discharge of contaminated water was a threat, that it would cause damage to the health and economy of our people, and that we should continue to make efforts to slow down the discharge of contaminated water as much as possible.” “I want to ask who it is,” he said.Rep. Kang criticized, “I don’t know what the purpose of the Yoon Seok-yeol government was in helping Japan discharge contaminated water by keeping the results of collaborative research conducted by the country’s top research institutes confidential.” 











