Jeonnam Province opens the Honam region’s best ‘National Maritime Safety Center’ in Jindo. Equipped with professional experience programs related to 10 disasters, including earthquakes, storms and floods... Governor Kim Young-rok, “I look forward to a memorial for the victims of the Sewol Ferry and a maritime safety learning center.”
(Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = Jeonnam Province opened the Honam region's best 'National Maritime Safety Center' on the 7th in Namdong-ri, Imhoe-myeon, Jindo, to prevent marine accidents and develop response capabilities in the event of disasters through marine safety experience and education programs. revealed.
The opening ceremony was attended by about 200 people, including South Jeolla Province Governor Kim Young-rok, Minister of Oceans and Fisheries Cho Seung-hwan, Jindo County Governor Kim Hee-soo, and related organizations, and was held in the order of a pre-ceremony performance, introduction of the construction progress and facility status, commemorative remarks, congratulatory remarks, tape cutting, and a tour of the experiential facilities. The National Maritime Safety Center, built as a national project in accordance with the ‘Sewol Ferry Special Act’, began construction in 2016 and has a total floor area of 4,462㎡, with a basement level and two above-ground levels, with a project cost of 27 billion won (national funds). It is operated by the Korea Marine Boys Federation. On the first floor of the National Maritime Safety Center, we provide training on survival swimming and drowning rescue methods, which are marine safety experience programs that can help you develop response skills in the event of a marine accident, and also operate ship emergency evacuation and ship escape experience programs. On the second floor, there are a total of 10 marine and disaster safety experience programs, including earthquake and wind and flood damage. In addition, special courses include obtaining certification as a lifeguard and survival swimming instructor, and on-site marine safety education for youth and those involved in the marine and fisheries industry. The Marine Safety Garden, a memorial park for the Sewol Ferry disaster that reminds people of the importance of life and safety, and a youth hostel that provides lodging and lodging for students and youth receiving education at the safety center are also operated. Governor Kim Young-rok said, “We expect to play a big role as a memorial space to remember the victims of the Sewol Ferry disaster and as a learning center to solidify the public’s awareness of maritime safety.” He added, “We will operate programs optimized for safety education through organic cooperation with educational institutions. “We ask you to take the lead in establishing a safety culture,” he said.