Competition Spreading from Cars to ShipsHydrogen fuel cellsCompetition between Hyundai Motor and Toyota over hydrogen fuel cell technology is spreading from cars to small ships.Hyundai Motor formed a partnership with Vinssen, a Korean startup, in June to develop a vessel powered by hydrogen fuel cells. Toyota introduced a prototype in October by collaborating with France's Energy Observer Project Team and startup HYNOVA Yachts.An eco-friendly ship that combines hydrogen fuel cells with battery technology does not need charging unlike pure electric ships. It can sail at any time by changing its hydrogen tank only. It also has a relatively long mileage compared to electric ships. So far, however, neither company has secured technology that can be used for commercial purposes.Hyundai Motor and Vinssen will cooperate in developing a 14-meter-long eco-friendly ship by December 2021. The Korean carmaker will supply 95kW hydrogen fuel cells used for the Nexo. Vinssen will complete a power management system (PMS) by combining four hydrogen fuel cells with ABB's electric motor. The key is to optimize vehicle-use hydrogen fuel cells in the marine environment.The project was ordered by Yeongam County, South Jeolla Province. Vinssen plans to mass-produce the eco-friendly ship if it reaches the expected level in terms of performance. Vinssen expects the eco-friendly ship to replace small vessels powered by internal combustion engines.In October, Toyota conducted a navigation test of the 12-meter-long green ship "HYNOVA 40" developed with the Energy Observer Project Team and HYNOVA Yachts. In the test, Toyota succeeded in making the ship sail 7,000 nautical miles in the Atlantic Ocean. One 'REXH2' 90kW hydrogen fuel cell system was loaded on the prototype vessek. Toyota developed hydrogen fuel cells for the Mirai, a passenger hydrogen electric vehicle, to make them suit the marine environment. The prototype is not yet suitable for commercialization due to low output.Hyundai Motor and Toyota are pushing for the application of hydrogen fuel cells to small ships because of their great growth potential in the ship market. Countries around the world are tightening regulations on carbon emissions, including those from ships. When hydrogen emerges as a fuel for ships, demand for hydrogen fuel cells will surge, bringing huge sales to Hyundai Motor and Toyota.Michael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution