On the morning of the 17th, the Democratic Party of Korea’s Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant Contaminated Water Pollution Water Dumping Prevention Committee (hereinafter referred to as the General Committee, standing chairman Woo Won-sik) held a joint action with the Basic Income Party, Justice Party, and Progressive Party in Japan to prevent marine dumping of contaminated water, religious environment meeting (Christian environment Movement Solidarity, Buddhist Environmental Solidarity, Won-Buddhist Environmental Solidarity, Cheondogyo Hanul Solidarity, Catholic Creation Preservation Solidarity) held a joint press conference for the submission of a petition to the UN Human Rights Council against the dumping of contaminated water from Fukushima nuclear power plant at the National Assembly Communication Hall. Civic groups, including the opposition parties and religious circles, said, “Illegal dumping of contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan is approaching. The dumping at sea by the Japanese government and TEPCO, which seriously violates the common goal of mankind, which is a sustainable society and environment, is an act of violating the basic human rights that all mankind should enjoy." An absurd decision will destroy the marine environment and pose serious risks to future generations who will live on the planet.” At the same time, “The right to a clean, healthy and sustainable environment is recognized by the UN Human Rights Council as a human right that we should take for granted as human beings.” "This decision, which may affect the future, must be accompanied by rigorous scientific analysis and extensive public opinion." On this day, the four opposition parties of the Republic of Korea (Democratic Party, Justice Party, Basic Income Party, Progressive Party), civil society, and religious circles said, “We will jointly file a special complaint with the UN Human Rights Council.” , We hope that the international community will have a correct perception of the problem of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant in the future by requesting the investigation of human rights violations caused by the dumping of contaminated water in Fukushima by special rapporteurs in the food sector and the submission of opinions from the international community.” did. Decision to dump contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant without analyzing the impact on the marine ecosystem. They said, “Recently, it has been confirmed that a significant level of pollution and bioaccumulation has occurred in the nearby waters, such as the catch of cesium rockfish exceeding 180 times the standard value.” Research on ecosystem impacts must be conducted.” The decision to dump contaminated water from nuclear power plants without considering better alternatives. South Korean opposition parties, civic society, and religious circles said, “The Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power decided to dump at sea considering only the cost aspect without any review of other alternatives such as stratum injection, steam emission, hydrogen emission, underground burial, which were discussed in 2020. “Tokyo Electric Power and the Japanese government took the easy way, ignoring various alternatives to buy enough time for nuclides to decay and mitigate the risks that could arise from ocean dumping,” he said. “The basic promise of the international community is It is tantamount to violating the Verification of ALPS performance missing from safety verification of contaminated water at nuclear power plant. “Securing the performance of ALPS is the most essential factor in verifying the safety of contaminated water from nuclear power plants discharged into the sea. However, as has already been confirmed several times, no performance verification has been performed for all treatment processes, such as ALPS' ability to adsorb radioactive materials, decontamination coefficient, and operating procedures.” At the same time, he directly attacked, saying, “It is just sophistry that ALPS can sufficiently guarantee the safety of marine discharge of contaminated water from nuclear power plants in a situation where it has not even been verified that it can remove radioactive substances from contaminated water from nuclear power plants.” Environmental Impact of Contaminated Water from Nuclear Power Plants Transcending Borders. They said, “The Fukushima nuclear power plant area where the accident occurred is an area where a level 7 nuclear accident occurred. It is self-evident that dumping of contaminated water from nuclear power plants affects the sea beyond borders and affects other countries,” he said. It is absolutely necessary to evaluate.” Political parties, civil society, and religious circles of the Republic of Korea said, “I hope that the international community correctly recognizes and responds to Japan’s arbitrary and illegal dumping of contaminated water at the Fukushima nuclear power plant.”