Yeosu city expands support for fisheries industry... strengthens competitiveness in fisheries Expansion of safe seafood production base..Establishment of modernization and automation system...Reporter Lee Hak-cheo. In the past, before the national industrial complex was activated, Yeosu was the best fishery city in Jeollanam-do. However, recently, Yeosu's fishery industry is facing difficulties due to reduced production due to global warming and reduced fishery resources, indiscriminate development due to industrialization, and decreased productivity of lotus root fisheries due to environmental pollution. In particular, fishermen are struggling with complex and unpredictable causes such as the annual red tide, high water temperature in summer, and low water temperature in winter. In response, Yeosu City, the 8th popular election, rolled up its sleeves to revive the fishery industry. Create a clean fishing ground through environmental purification of the sea near Yeosu and expand fishery management support. In addition, it plans to enhance competitiveness related to fisheries through modernization and automation of aquaculture and sales promotion and publicity of aquatic products. Recently, through organizational reorganization, it seems to be actively promoting the fishery industry, such as establishing a fishery promotion center team to build marine fishery big data and a coastal cleanup team to create a clean fishery environment. Reinforcing fishery competitiveness through various support expansions. For the continuous maintenance and development of fishing villages and preservation of values, the ‘Basic Fisheries Public Welfare Direct Payment System’ will be implemented from this year. It is a payment of 1.2 million won each to small fishermen such as small fishermen and sailors who were not eligible for the previous fisheries direct payment. In addition, ‘fishery resources protection direct payment (KRW 1.5 million under 2 tons, differential support by tonnage)’ is paid to fishing organizations that actively protect fishery resources and comply with the total allowable catch (TAC). A total of 870 million won was provided to fishermen who subscribed to various marine disaster insurance policies to ensure that they receive appropriate compensation in case of various disasters. About 1,200 fishing boats, 3,600 sailors, and 200 fishermen are expected to benefit from the insurance premium support. Twelve coastal fishing boats will be reduced to establish a foundation for sustainable seafood production in the fishing industry. A total of 1.2 billion won, including support for business closure, will be provided for reduced fishing boats. In addition, part of the installation costs such as automatic fire extinguishing device (project cost 88 million won) and oil reduction device (project cost 460 million won) are supported to prevent fishing boat accidents and ensure safe operation. Fishermen only need to pay 40-50% of the support cost. Reinforcing and modernizing/automating measures to restore fishery resources. Modernize and automate the aquaculture sector, which needs improvement due to labor shortages and increased management costs. It plans to supply farm automation equipment such as automatic feed feeders and automatic sorters to fish farms. In addition, the 'ICT convergence smart aquaculture complex test bed creation project' will be promoted for the modernization of offshore cage farms. It is a project to develop a farm model suitable for our region, real-time monitoring of ICT convergence, and establishment of an unmanned fishery management system. It is expected to help farmers by reducing manpower and actively responding to fishery disasters. Measures to recover fishery resources will also be strengthened. This year, KRW 900 million was invested to release about 2.4 million fish of 7 types, including high value-added fish species such as stone bream, black shrimp, and sea cucumber, into the sea forest and artificial fishing reefs installed in the province. In order to increase the effect, we plan to select a settlement-type income type preferred by villages and fishing villages by consulting with specialized institutions such as the Namhae Fisheries Research Institute on the type and location of release. In addition, 3.18 million fish seeds such as stone bream and sea bass, 1.84 million abalone seeds, and 96 tons of clam seeds will be sprayed. A sea gardening project is also being promoted to restore the aquatic ecosystem by transplanting seaweeds and exterminating pirate animals in coastal areas devastated by whitening. Expansion of safe seafood production base. Promote the ‘Clean Fishery Regeneration Project’ to restore the fish farms, which are the base for fish production, to a clean environment. By the end of this year, we will spend a total of KRW 5 billion to collect and plan to deal with. To enhance the safety and productivity of Yeosu mussels, 1.9 million attachments made of environmentally friendly synthetic resin are supported. 400 million won will be invested in new projects this year. It is expected that it will take about 72 million (about 25 billion won) to completely replace it. In addition, as the use of Styrofoam buoys is obligatory in all fish farms from November of this year due to the microplastic zero policy, a project of 12 billion won is invested to support the supply of eco-friendly certification buoys. At the same time, in line with the trend of placing importance on the safety of marine products, we plan to build sanitary facilities such as the Yeosu Fisheries Hyuphyup Dried Fish Marketplace and the Geomundo Fisheries Hyuphyup Marketplace so that they can be safely consumed, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of Yeosu seafood products at home and abroad. In preparation for the discharge of contaminated water in Fukushima, safety and radioactivity tests for aquatic products have been expanded to 160 times this year (94 times last year), and detailed response plans are being established by analyzing the impact of contaminated water on the fisheries industry in our city, while the establishment of a seafood safety center is also being reviewed. Jeong Jae-ho, head of the Fisheries Tourism Bureau, said, "Complex and unpredictable causes, such as the recent closure of the fish farm in Yeosu, are causing great damage to fishermen." We will do our best to promote the Yeosu fishery industry by actively implementing the policy.”