Rescuers find body of missing marine as monsoon rain subsides in S. Korea.
Written : 2023-07-20 09:00:00 KST. The rain has stopped for now here in South Korea. 
The country is tallying up the devastating effects of this year's monsoon season --including the loss of a marine during a search and rescue mission. Our Moon Hye-ryeon starts us off. The body of a marine who went missing during search and rescue operations due to heavy monsoon rains in South Korea has been found.
Rescue workers found the body of the marine corporal who was serving with the 1st Marine Infantry Division downstream of the Naeseong stream in Gyeongsangbuk-do Province late Wednesday night – 14 hours after he was reported missing.
Marine Corps officials reported that he fell into the stream on Tuesday during a search operation, and a rescue party of some 270 people and several drones had since been working to recover his body.The military is set to investigate the details of the accident, as well as supplementing safety measures for future search and rescue missions in heavy rain after it was revealed that the marines dispatched to Yecheon county at the time had not been wearing life jackets.This latest casualty brings the number of deaths caused by this year's monsoon to 47 while 4 people still remain missing as a result of the heavy rains which have devastated the country for two weeks.14 of those deaths came from the flooded tunnel in Osong County and an investigation will be launched today to see whether the levee served its purpose and the structure is strong enough to withstand water pressure.The Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters also reported that 35 people had been injured during the monsoon, with the highest number of casualties coming from Gyeongsangbuk-do Province and Chungcheong-do Province.More than seven thousand people were displaced from their homes over the past few weeks, with nearly half still unable to return home.
The natural disaster alert level remains at its highest level possible, while the Central Disaster Headquarters has lowered its response level to the lowest of the three levels of action that can be taken during a natural disaster as rains have subsided.
The country will experience a heatwave on Thursday, with temperatures soaring to 31 degrees Celsius and high humidity making feels-like temperatures even higher.
The Korea Meteorological Agency issued a heatwave warning for the northern regions of Gyeonggi-do Province and Gangwon-do Province, as well as advisories in the southern regions and Seoul.This heatwave is expected to last until Friday.