After taking office on the 29th, Ha Yun-soo, superintendent of Busan Metropolitan City Office, announced his thoughts and achievements over the past year, as well as future policies. On the morning of the same day, Superintendent Ha held a press conference at the International Conference Room in the annex of the Busan Metropolitan Office of Education and said, "With sincere advice and cooperation from all walks of life, Busan education was able to move forward one step further in the past year."He continued, "Since taking office, I have focused on creating conditions to realize 'Dreams into reality! Hopeful Busan Education' rather than implementing a show-off policy." “Based on the foundation built over the past year, I will do my best to take root in the field the policies promised to Busan citizens and families of education for the remainder of my tenure,” he pledged. After taking office as Superintendent Ha, he announced that he had achieved many achievements, such as increasing the level of satisfaction with education policy to 75% from 62.9% at the beginning of his inauguration by promoting major pledge projects such as improving academic ability and character education. In November of last year, he established the ‘Busan Academic Development Institute’, an institution dedicated to improving students’ academic achievement, for the first time in the country. The Center for Education and Training serves as a control tower to set public education right, and promotes various policies to guarantee the basic academic ability of Busan students and to improve their academic ability. In order to solve the ‘blinking education’ by accurately diagnosing students’ academic level, the only ‘customized self-assessment of academic achievement’ was conducted. According to the ‘Regular Public Opinion Survey on Busan Education Policy’ conducted by the Metropolitan Office of Education in November of last year, 75% of the respondents said that an evaluation of academic achievement is necessary. In a survey conducted in May of this year, 79.9% of respondents answered the same question as necessary, forming a consensus on the need for an academic achievement evaluation, and it was found that there was a change in perception. Regarding the ‘Morning change (physical strength. personality. intelligence), Superintendent Ha emphasized, "It is a true holistic education that raises not only physical strength, but also character and intelligence through friendship with friends, and wakes up sleeping classrooms, and is creating a new wind throughout the country."He said, "The 'Academic Development Institute' and 'Morning change (physical strength, character, intelligence) continued to be benchmarked by the Tashi-do Office of Education and the Assembly. It was also introduced as an example that should be spread across the country in the ‘Plan for Improving the Competitiveness of Public Education’ recently announced by the Ministry of Education.”On the other hand, as a result of investigating changes in city education through change policy monitoring in the morning of last May, 68.2% of parents answered that it is “helpful for maintaining and developing physical strength,” and 68.5% said it was “helpful for learning activities.”In addition, 30.1% of the students responded that ‘the time to go to school has increased,’ and 26.1% said, ‘Jal is less likely to come to class in the morning,’ indicating that there has been a positive change. In particular, 34.2% of students answered ‘no difficulties’ to the question of what difficulties they had with morning change activities, indicating high satisfaction. Regarding the recent school zone accident in Yeongdo and Buk-gu, Superintendent Ha said, "We also boldly demolished school fences to create safe commuting routes. Last year, we made efforts to build safe commuting routes, such as signing an agreement with the city of Busan, but it was really unfortunate that we couldn't prevent school zone accidents in Yeongdo-gu and Buk-gu." and he promised “No education can function properly without ‘safety’ being guaranteed, We will do our best to promote school safety policies so that this does not happen again,"In addition, the Office of Education emphasized that the school route safety guidance system, which will be completed in November, will be of great help in preventing safety accidents by sharing risk factors on the route to school in real time with all members of the region.Regarding the Ministry of Education’s customized self-assessment of academic achievement, the Metropolitan Office of Education plans to conduct the ‘Busan-type Academic Achievement Assessment’ for first-year middle school students in September and October to accurately diagnose the academic achievement of first-year middle school students excluded from all evaluations. All schools can take the test autonomously during the evaluation period considering the academic calendar. Grades provide students with information to determine their level and position, and overall grades are not disclosed. The Metropolitan Office of Education is also operating the ‘Busan Academic Achievement Support System (BASS)’ for the first time in the country to support learning tailored to the student level by linking the results of the ‘Busan-type Academic Achievement Assessment’ and the ‘Customized Academic Achievement Self-Assessment’. When a student who has taken the assessment accesses BASS, learning content tailored to the student's level is provided according to the results analyzed by AI. After the pilot operation in August, it is planned to make up for the shortcomings and fully implement it in October. To guarantee the right to learn and secure teaching rights, the Metropolitan Office of Education plans to spread a culture of respect for teachers, love for disciples, and mutual respect through reduced school field work, establishment of a protective network for educational activities, substantial operation of teacher healing centers, and discussions to restore the educational community. To bridge the educational gap, the Office of Education operates the ‘Accommodation Type Personal English Camp’ and the ‘Wecando Seasonal School’ to eliminate learning gaps during vacation for students from underprivileged areas. In addition, the public education board, ‘Busan-type Ingang’, is introduced to reduce the educational gap and private education. As one of the measures to bridge the gap in education, ‘Wecando Seasonal School’ will be operated to eliminate students’ learning deficits and serve as an alternative to private education through supplementary classes during vacations.Seasonal school runs from Monday to Friday for three weeks during vacation. The instructors are planned to target middle and high school teachers belonging to the Busan Office of Education. Students can take any subject they want. Classes are completely free, and lunch is provided. During the winter vacation of 2023, one school in Yeongdo-gu is designated as a base school, and after pilot operation for 400 first-year middle school students, it is planned to expand to other regions.In addition, the Office of Education plan to establish a new public alternative school to help students who are at risk of suspension of study stabilize their minds and emotions and restore their social skills. The Office of Education plans to establish a public alternative school in the Dongbu Mountain area as well. Currently, Songjeong Middle School in Gangseo-gu is operating as a public alternative school in Busan. The Metropolitan Office of Education is promoting the establishment of a ‘Busan-type K-POP High School’ for the first time in the Yeongnam and Honam regions to professionally educate K-POP for domestic and foreign students with talent and talent and nurture talents who will lead the related industry. It plans to select the best site among closed schools and promote it with the goal of opening in March 2028. We plan to provide high-quality education by inviting experts in the field of K-POP, such as vocal, dance, songwriting, and composition. ‘B.U.S.A.N. the Office of Education also operate ‘Neulbom School’. Up to 50 pilot schools are selected through a contest. In addition to regular classes, we plan to operate various programs including ‘MOA (Model Of Afterschool-program)’ such as after-school, academic improvement, clubs, sports clubs, emotional care, and educational welfare. In order to develop students' digital future capabilities, the number of SW.AI-related subjects was also increased from 17 hours per year for 6th graders to 68 hours per year for 3rd to 6th graders in the case of elementary school. In the case of secondary school, information education was extended from 34 hours to 68 hours. This is applied two years ahead of the 2022 revised curriculum. In addition, 26 SW.AI-related subject teachers were also increased. In order to nurture talents that reflect future social demands, we are also pushing for a reorganization of the specialized high school system. Seobusan Technical High School is designated as a “Busan-type Meister High School” and plans to operate a specialized aviation high school (tentatively named Busan Aviation High School) in the Seobusan area. In addition, six departments in six specialized high schools were restructured by linking them with local industries such as e-sports, fisheries and marine, nuclear power, and port logistics. It also worked hard to support the education of out-of-school youth. Textbooks were provided to teenagers preparing for the GED, and ‘Jangdaehyun Middle and High School’, the only alternative school for North Korean defectors in the Yeongnam and Honam regions, was officially opened. In particular, the juvenile detention center was designated as a consignment education institution for alternative education, and on the 15th, a business agreement was signed with the Ministry of Justice to operate the entrusted education institution. Regarding the issue of arbitrary budget execution for IB education recently raised by the city council, Planning Director Kim Young-jin said, "The city council pointed out that the budget was arbitrary budget execution in relation to IB education, but even though we sufficiently explained that it was not arbitrary budget execution, we wonder if the explanation was insufficient. A special administrative investigation committee has been formed.” and he explained. “So, the only thing the Office of Education can do in the process of administrative investigation is to explain the fact that the enforcement is not voluntary. We observe strict legal procedures in the budget execution process. Therefore, within the scope of the total amount, it is executed within the scope of deliberation and resolution by the Congress. In the process, while complying with the law, autonomous discretion is given. So, I will try harder to explain and to make them understand."