In 2023, with the release of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima under the chin, the Korean society fell into dichotomous confusion. They are ready to go to war against the selfish arguments of politicians, including the president, while leaving clear information behind.On April 13, 2021, the Japanese government announced that it would discharge radioactively contaminated water stored at the site of the Fukushima nuclear power plant into the sea. For two years, completely ignoring world-historical criticism or concerns, citing reasons such as lowering the concentration of radioactive substances in contaminated water stored in tanks below the legal standard or that the treatment policy cannot be delayed for the decommissioning of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. Later, from 2023, for 30 years, a unilateral decision was made, saying, “I will release it into the ocean.” Regarding this, the international community, especially Pacific coastal countries, regards Japan's discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima as a violation of its sovereignty and is demanding the withdrawal of the discharge.
As the radioactively contaminated water that washed the Fukushima nuclear raw material rods will spread through the ocean current that brought the tsunami in March 2011, Dong-A Ilbo will share the whole story of Fukushima radioactive nuclear wastewater ocean discharge with Democratic Party Busan Geumjeong-gu Regional Committee Chair Kim Gyeong-ji (female). 57-year-old lawyer.Kim Kyung-ji hereafter) heard through Q&A. Mr. Kim Kyung-ji has continued protests such as announcing a resolution against the discharge of Fukushima nuclear wastewater in the Busan area and shaving his head.The following is a Q&A with Mr. Kim Kyung-ji.-You defined Fukushima-contaminated water as ‘nuclear wastewater’. Why?▲ Nuclear wastewater, which the Japanese government calls contaminated water and treated water and has been stored in water tanks for more than 10 years, is the water used to cool the nuclear raw material rods of the Fukushima nuclear power plant, which had a radioactive accident caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake of magnitude 9.0, and will be in the future. This is because it is water that needs to be injected for at least several decades.-Then it is said that it is nuclear waste contaminated with radioactivity. I think an explanation is needed?▲The Fukushima nuclear wastewater, which Japan and the IAEA are gaslighting the world for not affecting the earth's ecosystem even if it is discharged into the ocean, is nuclear waste contaminated by at least 64 nuclides while cooling the nuclear material rods. The problem is that the aforementioned nuclides include a number of radionuclides, such as iodine-129, which has a half-life of 15.7 million years, and cesium-135, which has a half-life of 2.3 million years. This tells us that the end of the world may come together, and it is also a part of the world's leading scholars, regardless of country, race, or religion, who fiercely oppose the ocean discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima. Nonetheless, the Japanese government remains oblivious to the total amount of nuclides contained in nuclear wastewater. It is claimed that radioactive materials fall below the standard value. -"Radiation material is filtered out" and "falls below the standard value." At first glance, I don't know what you're trying to say.▲ It's a lie that comes to mind as soon as you hear it without having to think deeply. This is evidence that the Japanese government and the IAEA are lying to the world to release Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean.-The IAEA is regularly mentioned when talking about the ocean discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima. Could you explain the IAEA?▲IAEA stands for International Atomic Energy Agency, an international organization that prioritizes the expansion of nuclear power through the peaceful use of nuclear power. Asking and entrusting the safety of nuclear wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear power plant to such an organization is a ploy to make a passing dog laugh, cover the sun with the palm of your hand, and entrust the fish to a cat. Therefore, the government of the Republic of Korea, which will be directly hit by the marine discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima, must define the contaminated water as nuclear wastewater as soon as possible and mobilize all of its national capabilities to prevent marine dumping.-The IAEA, which Korea will believe in and follow, is an international organization for the expansion of nuclear power plants.▲ Yes. To ask about the safety of real nuclear waste, it is more reasonable to entrust the verification request to scholars who can predict and calculate the extent of damage caused by nuclear waste rather than the IAEA, where nuclear scientists trained in nuclear proliferation work. However, they do not do so because neither the IAEA nor the Japanese government knows very well that no scholar in the world will vote in favor of discharging Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean.-So, the Japanese government and the IAEA lied in order to discharge the Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the sea. So what did the IAEA lie about?▲ The IAEA classified the Fukushima nuclear accident at the time of the East Japan earthquake in March 2011 as a disaster grade 7. Considering that there are only Fukushima and Chernobyl nuclear accidents in the 7th grade of disaster, the IAEA declared the Chernobyl and Fukushima nuclear accidents as the worst disasters of the 21st century. However, as soon as Japan decided to release nuclear wastewater into the ocean, it expressed its position of “welcome” like a script. That is also the author of the IAEA Secretary-General. Just because the time to go to the bathroom and the time to leave are different, are you saying you can change your mind about radioactive waste disposal, which will be a disaster for all mankind? The IAEA will have to clearly state its position on this, risking the organization's existence. 「Kyungji Kim (female. Attorney, Democratic Party of Korea) shaves her hair at a rally against the ocean discharge of nuclear wastewater from Fukushima」
- Then what kind of lie did the Japanese government lie?▲ In 2016, the Japanese government reviewed measures such as sea discharge, air discharge, underground burial, etc., and said that if the multi-nuclide removal facility Alps is purified, most of the radioactive materials in the nuclear wastewater are removed, leaving tritium and carbon-14. Sea discharge was presented as the best option. However, in August 2018, it was revealed that everything was a blatant lie. 70% of nuclear wastewater stored in nuclear power plant tanks contained radioactive substances such as cesium, strontium, and iodine above the legal standards, and some tanks contained strontium 90, etc. The fact that more than 20,000 times of detection was revealed through various media outlets. Even in this situation, the Yoon Seok-yeol government sent an inspection team according to the guidance of the Japanese government rather than focusing on its own sample collection or independent verification, and now made it clear that it would follow the decision of the IAEA, an international organization for nuclear power plant expansion. This is an act of virtually giving up the national right to protect the lives and safety of the people, and I want to ask who does President Seok-yeol Yoon exist for, and what is the people's power to cover their eyes and shut their mouths for?-If Japan insists, only tritium and carbon-14 will remain if it goes through the Alps, and it can be dumped into the sea. So, are tritium and carbon-14 safe?▲ No. Any radioactive substance that enters the human body causes irreversible problems. In particular, tritium from Fukushima nuclear wastewater, whether it is aquatic product or a land animal that ingests aquatic product, enters the human body and is converted into organically bound tritium, which can cause biological harm due to internal exposure. It suffers from genetic damage, and there is a research result that the degree is more than twice as high as that of cesium, and related academic scholars are expressing concern. Furthermore, Japan has admitted that it cannot filter out tritium even if the multi-nuclide removal facility Alps works perfectly. However, what is more serious is that if nuclear wastewater is discharged from Fukushima, 22 trillion becquerels of tritium will be released into the sea annually. This is 10 times more than the 2.2 trillion becquerels emitted annually at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant prior to the disaster. In a word, it is a self-evident fact that tritium and carbon-14, which the Japanese government has discussed as if they are nothing, will become one of the global catastrophes when dumping in the ocean begins.-Tritium is also a radioactive substance that hits the human body directly along with carbon-14. What role does the multi-nuclide removal facility Alps play?▲Multi-nuclide removal facility Alps is not a device that removes radioactive nuclides, as is known, but a device that reduces their concentration. In particular, radionuclides such as tritium and carbon-14 are not reduced at all. This was also confirmed by the data released by the Japanese government, which suggested that the effectiveness of Alps was checked for only 7 nuclides out of 64 nuclides of pollutants in Fukushima nuclear wastewater. Inspection of the remaining 57 nuclides is, in effect, acting like a dumb ass.▼But why does Japan talk about the Alps as if it were an all-purpose facility?▲In other words, Japan is lying to discharge Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean. It was confirmed through the media that 70% of the contaminated water purified by the Alps in 2018 contained more than the standard level of radioactive substances that were fatal to the human body. A panel of scientists at the Island Nations Forum argued that the data was too poor to properly verify the performance of the Alps. Ferenc Dalnoki Beres, a professor of nuclear physics at Middlebury International Graduate School in the US, said the data provided by Japan to the forum were incomplete, inconsistent and biased, making it unsuitable for making any decisions. He claimed that only a small number of radionuclides, such as cesium-137, were analyzed in samples. In addition, analyzes rarely exceeded nine nuclides, and concerns were expressed that all 64 nuclides had never been analyzed. He concluded that the total amount of radioactivity in nuclear wastewater remains unchanged regardless of whether it is diluted or not, and that Fukushima nuclear wastewater should not be discharged into the ocean. As such, the Japanese government should change its mind even now and discuss and come up with a reasonable nuclear wastewater treatment method for all mankind.-Then, by what procedure was the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharged to the sea?▲ The Japanese government's Fukushima nuclear wastewater marine discharge, which the Japanese government reviewed in 2016, cost about 2.3 trillion won in Korean money for underground burial, air discharge about 330 billion won, and ocean discharge about 32.1 billion won. The decision was made based on the calculation of cost. Although all countries on the planet, including neighboring countries such as Korea, China, and Taiwan, oppose this, only Japan insists on releasing nuclear wastewater to the ocean. The funny thing is that the IAEA, which declared Fukushima as the worst disaster of the 21st century along with Chernobyl, now welcomes it, and the power of the people and the Yoon Seok-yeol regime, who risked their lives throughout the Moon Jae-in administration, bowed their heads to follow even while dividing public opinion.- Then, it seems that there is a corner to believe that the Japanese government is releasing Fukushima nuclear wastewater into the ocean.▲ Yes. The corner that the Japanese government believes in the ocean discharge of Fukushima nuclear wastewater is none other than the IAEA. Japan shares 8.32% of the IAEA's regular budget, the third largest after the United States and China, and the IAEA operates one of its four liaison offices in Tokyo, Japan. Looking at this, the Japanese government and the IAEA are in a relationship where they can voice one voice as if they were one body if necessary, and it seems that they have been doing so for the past 12 years over the Fukushima nuclear wastewater ocean discharge. This is because the amicable end of the Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster will bring benefits to the Japanese government by saving the cost of dealing with the nuclear accident and to the IAEA by continuing to expand nuclear power plants. For such a common benefit, the world has closed its ears and mouths and has placed a mantra that ocean discharge is the best. It would be problematic to say that Prime Minister Han Deok-soo and other members of the Yoon Seok-yeol regime did not know this fact, but if they knew and still supported the ocean release, this would be an act of deceiving the public and isolating the country from the international community.-Then, can you explain what would be a wise choice to do in the current situation?▲ The important thing is that radioactive pollutants must not be discharged or dumped into the sea anywhere, including Fukushima. This must be, above all else, a global option for the present and future, and from that perspective, the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharge must also be withdrawn. In addition, a more reasonable method should be discussed and treated regardless of race, national religion, and even in Japan, the case of oil stockpile facilities is used to store in large tanks, and as in the case of the Savannah River nuclear facility in the United States, nuclear wastewater is mixed with cement and sand. Various discussions are taking place, such as concreting and storing in a tank.- If you have one last word▲ In discussing the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharge, the Yoon Seok-yeol government's actions were dogmatic and self-righteous. It is self-evident that the Fukushima nuclear wastewater discharge into the ocean will seriously threaten the safety of future generations, but without fierce verification efforts or communication with the National Assembly, the public has closed their eyes and blocked their ears, adding to the confusion. Even so, I don't think it's too late. Why do the ruling and opposition parties have to fight with different words and different actions when it comes to the safety of future generations? I hope that the Yoon Seok-yeol administration will take the lead in the humanitarian movement to protect and preserve the earth from Fukushima nuclear wastewater by providing correct information to the people and promoting cooperation between the ruling and opposition parties. 






















