‘Virtual Space Touch Technology’A Hyundai Mobis engineer demonstrates 'virtual space touch technology' to be presented at 2019 CES.Hyundai Mobis announced on Dec. 16 that it will show new technology related to future cars, including "virtual space touch technology" that recognizes a driver's hand gestures in the air, at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) to be held in Las Vegas in January 2019.Hyundai Mobis' cutting-edge technologies to be unveiled at the CES include an autonomous navigation infotainment system, communication lighting, and a hydrogen fuel cell module power generation system. The autonomous navigation infotainment system is a state-of-the-art technology that passengers can experience in a fully autonomous mode. Communication lighting is a lamp technology designed for communication with other cars or pedestrians based on self-propelled electric vehicles. The company will also show how to utilize the hydrogen fuel cell module in a ship, a drone, and an urban emergency power source.Hyundai Mobis will also make technical presentations for visitors. First, the company will unveil virtual space touch technology through which drivers do not need to touch navigation or audio systems to control them. They can watch movies in a fully autonomous mode and select other movies or adjust volume by making a “pressing down” gesture with their fingers in the air. Also on display will be window display technology that displays the surroundings of the vehicle on the front window in autonomous driving mode. The glass window display blocks electricity from outside by applying electricity to the glass window with special particles. In manual driving mode, the window is transparent but in autonomous driving mode, it looks dark as if dark film was attached. When projecting a video, it turns into a car screen.In addition, Hyundai Mobis will also take the wraps off technology to share the emotional states of passengers. An autonomous drive vehicle itself adjusts its lighting and plays music according to passengers’ feelings. It is a method to classify passengers’ countenances caught by an internal camera using deep learning-based AI technology. Hyundai Mobis plans to develop this technology into safety technologies against drunk driving and drowsy driving.키워드#Hyundai Mobis#virtual space touch technology#autonomous navigation infotainment system#communication lighting#hydrogen fuel cell module power generation systemMichael Herhcontact@businesskorea.co.krView More ArticleCopyright © BusinessKorea. Prohibited from unauthorized reproduction and redistribution