Busan City secured 8.735 trillion won in final government funding next year, an increase of 575.8 billion won (7.1%↑) from this year, the largest ever. Establishment of a safe drinking water supply system in the Nakdong River basin (1.92 billion won) Rapid construction of Gadeok New Airport (13 billion won) Hosting of Busan World Expo 2030 (25.45 billion won) Urban railway Construction of Hadan-Noksan Line (KRW 2.5 billion) Construction of a low-floor tram demonstration (KRW 1.74 billion) Joint supply platform for shipbuilding equipment companies (KRW 1.12 billion) Construction of a marine leisure safety experience center (KRW 750 million) Major projects in Busan, such as the creation of a green start-up town (500 million won) and the establishment of a maritime equipment testing and certification center (200 million won), were dramatically additionally increased and newly reflected. Busan Mayor Park Hyung-joon held a press conference at City Hall on the morning of the 26th and said, “The city sees 2023 as an opportunity to take a great leap forward to grow into a global hub city, balanced national development and establishment of regional economic alliances, improvement of city competitiveness, and citizen life. By focusing on improving the quality of the project and securing more than 8.7 trillion won in government funding, we will be able to accelerate the realization of the vision of Busan, a green smart city." ☞Major core business. [Balanced national development and establishment of regional economic alliance] Encourage balanced national development, a new growth axis for Korea. 13 billion won for the rapid construction of Gadeok New Airport, 25.45 billion won for attracting the 2030 Busan World Expo, 5.2 billion won for the 2023 Gifu Industry International Expo. Establishment of economic alliance between Busan and Gyeonggi-do and promotion of win-win development. Busan New Port - Gimhae Expressway Construction 78.38 billion won, Donggimhae IC ~ Sikman JCT Wide Area Road Construction 3.5 billion won, Buulgyeong Hydrogen Pipeline Construction 100 million won, etc. have been secured. Promote balanced regional development by establishing a road network connecting the city center and east-west. Urban Railway Hadan-Noksan Line Construction 2.5 billion won, Hwangryeong 3 Tunnel Road Construction 2.71 billion Won, Groundless Low-floor Tram Construction (Oryukdo Line) 1.74 billion Won, Sikman-Sasang Road Construction (Daejeodaegyo Bridge) 15.47 billion Won Won, Internal circulation (Mandeok-Centum) urban expressway construction 15.2 billion won, Umgung Bridge 10.51 billion won, etc. secured. [Improve city competitiveness] Strengthening the foundation for regionally-led innovative growth by leading future technologies. Regional innovation (RIS) based on local government-university cooperation 30 billion won, Digital twin-based smart city lab demonstration complex creation 8.9 billion won, Reusable battery applied E-mobility industry ecosystem revitalization 1.62 billion won, Future car conversion 1.02 billion won was secured for the basic design of electrification parts and the establishment of a basis for performance verification support. Advancement of key industries, digital transformation, and promotion of a start-up financial city centered on geography. Joint supply platform for shipbuilding equipment companies KRW 1.12 billion, Green Startup Town creation KRW 500 million, Industrial complex environment improvement fund project KRW 15 billion, Sasang industrial area regeneration project KRW 8 billion, Startup-oriented university KRW 6.75 billion secured did. Strengthening competitiveness of global maritime cities by continuously securing the central functions of maritime and ports. Busan Marina Biz Center construction of 5.08 billion won, STEM village creation of 4.89 billion won, and Marine Leisure Safety Experience Center construction of 750 million won were secured. Support development of fish tank and high value-added fishery industry. Development of Dadaepo Port (National Fishing Port) 1 billion won, Baekyang Mountain Natural Recreation Forest 500 million won, Marine and Fisheries Equipment Testing & Certification Center 200 million won, Busan Common Fish Market modernization 11.4 billion won, Fishing Village New Deal Project 8.75 billion won, We secured 1.1 billion won for the creation of a seafood cluster, and 1.1 billion won for marine and fishery startup investment support. In particular, the city plans to thoroughly prepare for the selection of next year's contest projects so that it can serve as a priming water to overcome the business difficulties of the manufacturing industry in the local industrial complex, as 3 billion won for the construction of the process innovation simulation center was reflected in the budget review stage of the National Assembly. [Improve the quality of life of citizens] Realization of a happy city that supports citizens by strengthening welfare. Support for construction of public rental housing KRW 50.4 billion, Support for replacement of old subway trains in urban railway KRW 18.1 billion, Expansion and operation of special means of transportation (Duribal) KRW 10.99 billion, Introduction of low-floor buses KRW 10.95 billion, Busan Medical Center Respiratory Center 2 billion won for expansion, 6.1 billion won for the establishment of a specialized trauma treatment center, and 3.02 billion won for special support for monthly rent for young people. Ensuring citizen safety through preemptive response to disasters. Munhyeon District, Dadae District, Geumsa District 1 Maintenance of areas at risk of wind and flood damage and natural disasters KRW 1.28 billion, KRW 560 million, KRW 400 million each, Dean and Gamjeon District 2 Maintenance of natural disaster risk areas KRW 3.5 billion, Deokcheon Intersection District It secured KRW 3.49 billion for maintenance of flooded areas and KRW 1.42 billion for maintenance of areas prone to natural disasters in Millak District 1. Transformation into a global international tourism city where cultural contents and sports coexist. International Tourism City Fostering Project KRW 9.57 billion, Holding the 106th National Sports Festival KRW 8 billion, 2024 World Table Tennis Championships KRW 4.18 billion, Building National Sports Centers (one each in Sasang-gu, Gangseo-gu, Seo-gu, and Dongrae-gu) 52 secured billions of won. Preemptive response to future climate change and environmental crisis through low-carbon, green-friendly projects. Establishment of a safe drinking water supply system in the Nakdong River basin KRW 1.92 billion, Support for purchase of hydrogen electric vehicles KRW 45 billion, Installation of carbon-neutral facilities at Saenggok landfill KRW 210 million, Creation of a climate-responsive city forest KRW 3.85 billion, Peace Park Harmony Garden It secured 1 billion won for construction and 890 million won for installation of solar power generation facilities such as riverside and Yeongdo sewage. In addition, the establishment of a safe drinking water supply system in the Nakdong River Basin is an issue in which the right to live of 5.3 million Busan and Gyeongnam citizens depends, and the supply of clean water, which has not been resolved for 30 years, can be solved through this government funding. In addition, KRW 23.74 billion from the vehicle emission reduction project KRW 18.92 billion from the creation of a resource circulation (post-plastic) cluster were continuously reflected, accelerating the realization of the vision of ‘Busan, the future, Green Smart City Busan’. Meanwhile, in order to secure the maximum national budget for next year, members of the National Assembly in Busan, such as Cho Gyeong-tae and Kim Mi-ae, who are members of the National Assembly Preliminary Committee, and members of the Preliminary Subcommittee, Jeong Jeong-sik Jeong and Rep. Kim Doo-gwan, are said to have added their strength to secure the budget for pending projects in Busan. Mayor Park said, "Busan is facing challenges such as stagnant growth rate, outflow of young population, and super-aged society. On the one hand, the world is facing an era of great transformation, going through the climate crisis, unfinished pendemic, and economic recession,”He said."In order to overcome the cause of the crisis that hinders national growth in the era of great transformation, we must open the local era," and emphasized, "We will promote key projects such as the success of hosting the 2030 Busan World Expo and the rapid construction of a new airport on Gadeok Island so that Busan can leap forward again as a new growth axis for Korea." In addition, Mayor Park pledged. "We will establish the Busan-Ulsan-Gyeongnam economic alliance and discover and actively promote projects that can develop together with Bu.Ul.Gyeong. The southern region, including Busan, will open the country’s first regional era,”