The Incheon Coast Guard announced on the 21st that it conducted training to improve patrol vessel surveillance capabilities at the Incheon Coast Guard exclusive pier in Jung-gu, Incheon. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, this training was designed to respond to various situations, such as safe navigation of patrol vessels in the winter and prevention of illegal immigration using small ships. About 20 police officers and applicants who operate security ships participated in the training. They received training from experts in the field of maritime security operations on radar equipment operation, surveillance areas and surveillance techniques for each situation, examples of actual operations, accidents and dangers, etc. In addition, specialized knowledge and know-how related to warfare were shared. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “This training was beneficial as it allowed us to develop our warfighting surveillance capabilities,” and added, “We will continue to work harder to expand a tight maritime security network and maintain a rapid response system.” In addition, the Incheon Marine Police Station announced that it will issue a ‘Attention’ safety accident risk forecast system for 10 days from the 23rd to January 1st of next year. According to the Incheon Coast Guard, special caution is needed during coastal activities as the possibility of accidents increases due to year-end events such as Christmas, sunset, and sunrise, bad weather, and sea levels higher than usual. Incheon Coast Guard is strengthening land and sea patrols according to tidal times and maintaining emergency response readiness to prepare for coastal accidents such as tidal flat isolation. An Incheon Coast Guard official said, “Especially on the 31st, many tourists are expected to visit the coast due to the sunset and sunrise events,” and added, “During coastal activities, marine safety rules such as not entering dangerous areas, wearing life jackets, and checking the tide must be observed. “He requested. Meanwhile, by downloading and using apps such as ‘Sea Navi’, ‘Harrod’, and ‘Safe Sea’, you can obtain various marine safety information such as tide tables.