From the 16th to the 18th, a promotion was held at the Aeon Group Market in Japan, Asia's largest distributor... The popularity of local Jeonnam abalone resulted in the intention to import 500 tons per year. (Muan = Break News) Reporter Haksu Lee = South Jeolla Province is actively expanding overseas exports to escape the crisis of abalone farming, which is suffering due to an increase in abalone harvest and a decline in prices due to a decline in consumption of marine products. Jeonnam Province announced that it held an abalone promotional event in Japan for three days until the 18th with Cheongsan Sea Co., Ltd., Asia's first ASC-certified abalone export company, and True World Japan, the largest seafood distributor in Japan. ASC certification is an international certification granted by the Aquaculture Management Council, headquartered in the UK and the Netherlands, to farmed marine products raised with environmental and social responsibility. Cheongsan Sea Co., Ltd. received certification in 2018. This promotional event was held simultaneously at 80 Aeon Mall food markets (60 in Tokyo and 20 in Osaka) operated by Aeon Group, Asia's largest distribution company, to commemorate Japan's Respect for the Aged Day holiday. At the promotional event, to promote abalone from Jeonnam, they sold it at a discount, distributed souvenirs, and presented various dishes using abalone. At the event where a large number of people gathered, Manager Matsumoto, who oversees the distribution of marine products within the Aeon Group, attended in person and showed great interest in distributing ASC-certified abalone from Jeonnam. Wi Ji-yeon, CEO of Cheongsan Sea Co., Ltd., said, “The proactive introduction and application of ASC certification by Jeonnam abalone fishermen served as an opportunity for us to enter the Aeon Group market.” He added, “We will continue to expand the number of ASC-certified abalone fisheries to further expand the number of abalone from Jeonnam.” “We will increase export competitiveness,” he said. At a local promotional event, True World Japan, which has been importing and distributing about 300 tons of abalone from Jeonnam annually, also announced its intention to expand imports to 500 tons. Shin Woo-sun, CEO of True World Japan, said, “Japan produces mostly wild abalone, so it is expensive and recently there are concerns about food safety.” He added, “Through this promotional event, we will increase the import of abalone from Jeonnam, which is not only price-competitive but also relatively safe. “We will expand,” he said. Shin Hyeon-gon, International Cooperation Officer of Jeonnam Province, said, “The recent decline in abalone prices could paradoxically be an opportunity to expand exports.” He added, “At a time when concerns about the safety of marine products are growing worldwide, we need to actively promote the safety and excellence of Jeollanam-do abalone to expand overseas exports.” “We will support various local promotional events,” he said. In order to expand exports by promoting overseas consumption of abalone, Jeonnam Province is promoting the 'Abalone Export Expansion Overseas Promotion Support Project', which supports 10% of the abalone export amount by the end of the year for local promotional event costs for abalone exporting companies and overseas buyers. . Applications can be made through the Jeonnam Provincial Export Information Network website.