Gunsan Coast Guard held 'The 8th National Water Safety Experience' 29th… Eunpa Lake Park Water Light Square, experiences and unique sights. Reporter Kim Hyun-jong. The '8th National Water Safety Experience Event' will be held at Mulbit Plaza in Eunpa Lake Park, Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do. The Gunsan Coast Guard announced on the 24th that it will hold a unique experience event to spread safety culture on the water from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm on the 29th. This 'water safety experience event' was supported by 15 organizations and organizations, including Jeonbuk-do, Gunsan-si, and Gunsan Regional Sea and Water Administration. It will be decorated as a time to watch and experience. In particular, in order to spread safety culture on the water including the sea, you can experience survival methods in preparation for water accidents, such as ship escape using a slide life raft safety equipment experience marine pollution control development equipment exhibition.In addition, training on how to operate an automatic external defibrillator (AED) and CPR is provided. In addition, various participation events such as water safety drawing contest photo zone for maritime police uniforms wearing maritime special task force equipment marine environment photo exhibition are also prepared. In addition, various performances such as Nanta performance Belly dance Pungmul play, lifesaving demonstrations using drones and high-speed boats, and a water parade of participating rescue equipment will create unique scenes that the public cannot normally see. This year, a new maritime safety virtual experience using virtual reality equipment (VR) will be introduced, and special performances by the Korea Coast Guard Orchestra, newly composed of musicians from each field, can be enjoyed. Cheol-Woo Lee (Superintendent) Chief of the Gunsan Coast Guard said, "We plan to increase interest in water safety through the 'water safety experience' event in which the people directly participate." We will do our best to prepare it so that it will be a time to cherish precious memories."