Gyeongju city strengthens response to discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima... ‘All-out efforts’ in fishery product safety management. As the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, Japan, began on the 24th, Gyeongju City decided to focus its efforts on securing seafood safety and supporting fishermen. To this end, the city will focus on strengthening safety management and inspection of fishery products, emergency support for business funds for fishermen, and events to promote consumption of fishery products to supply safe fishery products. First of all, the safety of marine products, such as radiation inspection, will be further strengthened. The city will spend a budget of 300 million won to purchase a gamma nuclide analyzer, which is a radiation test equipment, and conduct radiation tests twice a week on five major fish species, including flounder, mackerel, and sandfish. A budget of 334 million won will be invested to establish a radioactivity test laboratory on the site of the Gampo Administrative Line Management Office. The number of imported marine product country of origin indications and distribution history reporting items will be expanded from 17 to 21, and special inspections will be carried out regularly. In addition, the “Emergency Support for Fishermen’s Management Fund” project will be implemented to provide loan interest of up to 30% to fishermen who are expected to be damaged by the discharge of contaminated water. In addition, to revitalize the shrinking consumption of seafood products, Angang Public Market will hold a seafood discount event that will issue two 5,000 won discount coupons per person for three days from September 27th. In addition, the Gampo Port Flounder Festival will be held for three days from October 12th, including a tasting of flounder dishes and a simultaneous contest for elementary school students, to restore the consumer sentiment of seafood products. Mayor Joo Nak-young said, “Due to the discharge of contaminated water from the nuclear power plant, local fishermen are expected to face difficulties such as reduced consumption of fish products. I will do my best,” he said.