BUSAN — KT unveiled two marine safety systems Wednesday, tightening its leadership as the nation's widest network coverage operator. The maritime security network is one of the mobile carrier's five growth areas. The company is using its satellite long-term-evolution (LTE) network systems to operate the coastline service. On the sidelines of this year's Marine Week 2017 exhibition here, the company unveiled the Marine Navi anti-collision system. By combining the LTE network with closed circuit television (CCTV) on a boat, the system displays maritime information, preventing vessels from colliding. One of Marine Navi's key features is a real-time location-sharing service. This informs captains of potential threats. In bad weather, the system also displays virtual images around the ship, according to the company. "Marine Navi allows a ship's crew to monitor their surroundings within a radius of 10 kilometers on the ocean," Oh Seong-mok, president of KT's network division, said at the BEXCO convention center in Busan. The system also comes with image-analysis technology, providing captains with clearer, vivid views day and night, according to KT. KT said Marine Navi is targeted at the small-ship market here and abroad, as most mid- and large-sized vessels are equipped with similar systems. "There is much more expensive safety equipment than Marine Navi, but it is for huge vessels," Oh said. "Half of the ships in Korea are small ones, which are the target market for the system. We hope Marine Navi becomes a reasonable option for them to enhance their safety." The company is considering offering packaged safety systems, including Marine Navi and other network devices, to expand sales overseas. Skyship: The company also unveiled its state-of-the-art Skyship unmanned aerial vehicle. The 10-meter-long machine can fly at up to 70 kilometers an hour, which the company says is the best maritime security device combining the merits of drones and helicopters. Skyship comes with LTE and fifth-generation (5G) network modules, providing real-time datasets to base stations and marine rescue centers. It can fly up to 25 kilometers, the company said. "We focused on overcoming drawbacks from drones, which cannot fly for such a long period of time," Oh said. "A helicopter is, for this reason, widely used as a safety tool in case of a marine disaster. But it requires massive initial purchasing costs and needs a special workforce for its flight and maintenance. "But Skyship overcomes such shortcomings. The vehicle is filled with helium gas and can take on multiple safety missions with ease and convenience." The size of the Skyship can be expanded to meet users' needs, allowing the vehicle to carry medical kits, life jackets and safety equipment, KT said. As the device is also equipped with LTE modules and a 360-degree camera, Skyship can send high-definition videos in real time to safety control centers on land. In the case of an emergency, Skyship can also serve as a moving base station, offering network services in disaster areas. KT aims to expand its use in various areas, such as marine safety, illegal fishing and forest fires.