Yeosu City intensively cracks down on the safety of imported seafood from Japan
Targeted at 36 imported seafood handling businesses in the region... guidance and crackdown on indication of origin of seafood, including traditional markets and large supermarkets... for 15 days from the 11th. Reporter Lee Hak-cheo. In preparation for the Chuseok holiday, Yeosu City in Jeollanam-do decided to conduct safety tests on imported marine products with country of origin labeling. According to Yeosu City on the 11th, this is to relieve citizens' anxiety about seafood and solidify consumer trust as contaminated water from Japan's Fukushima nuclear power plant is discharged into the ocean. To this end, the city plans to establish an organic cooperation system with the Yeosu branch of the National Fishery Products Quality Management Center and the Yeosu City Coast Guard and conduct intensive crackdowns on 36 businesses in the jurisdiction that distribute imported marine products from Japan before Chuseok. In addition, a joint inspection team will be organized with the seafood radioactivity response task force and the city's own country of origin labeling honorary watchdog to conduct intensive guidance and crackdown on the country of origin labeling of marine products targeting traditional markets and large supermarkets for 15 days starting on the 11th. If it is discovered that the country of origin has not been indicated during this special inspection, a fine of up to 10 million won will be imposed, and if a false label is found, the product will be subject to imprisonment of up to 7 years or a fine of up to 100 million won. Last May, in order to preemptively respond to the discharge of contaminated water from Fukushima, a seafood radioactivity response T/F team was formed and is inspecting marine products within the jurisdiction at least three times a week using four portable radioactivity measuring devices. In addition, the radioactivity test items for the seafood counters within the jurisdiction have more than doubled compared to the existing items, and a detailed test is being requested from the Mokpo Branch of the Jeollanam-do Institute of Marine and Fisheries Science. Jeong Jae-ho, head of the Fisheries and Tourism Bureau, said, “As consumption of seafood has decreased due to the discharge of contaminated water from the Fukushima nuclear power plant, more thorough inspections are being required than ever before,” adding, “We will do our best to ensure the safety of seafood, including by disclosing inspection results on our website.” “He said.