Samsung Heavy Industries participates in KORMARINE 2023... “Acquired AIP certification for ‘SVESSEL CBM’ from the U.S. ABS classification system! Recognizing the reliability and competitiveness of the. Samsung Heavy Industries (CEO Jin-Taek Jung) announced that it participated in the ‘23rd International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE 2023)’ held at BEXCO in Busan for four days from Tuesday, October 24th to Friday, October 27th. Since its establishment in 1974, Samsung Heavy Industries has received orders for a total of 1,413 ships and offshore plants from the world's leading shipping companies, having successfully delivered 1,256 of them by December 2022. Additionally, it has the world's largest construction performance in the fields of FLNG, FPSO, and drillships. In addition, it has differentiated technological competitiveness, turnkey manufacturing capabilities, and topside design and construction capabilities, which are the core of offshore plants. Through this, the company explains that it is being recognized by major oil companies around the world based on its accumulated shipbuilding technology in the offshore plant market, such as fixed offshore equipment, TLP, and floating offshore structures that require high stability and technical skills.At this exhibition, Samsung Heavy Industries introduced the ‘SVISION’ and ‘SAS’ systems. SVISION can remotely monitor in real time around the very close proximity of a ship that cannot be detected by existing Ship around-view monitoring system radar or AIS. The system is installed at the edge of the wing bridge of the deck house and displays a combination of images from multiple cameras and various navigation methods in augmented reality, allowing the crew to quickly recognize dangers around them.An official from Samsung Heavy Industries emphasized, “SVISION is installed on ships built by our company, has high performance, is easy to install, and is easy to repair in case of damage.”SAS (Samsung Autonomous Ship) is an autonomous navigation solution that can perform automatic navigation along the ship's planned route. During navigation, it recognizes other ships and obstacles on the route, periodically searches for collision avoidance routes based on situational awareness information, and controls the direction and speed of the ship to conduct autonomous navigation.In regards to this, an official said, “AI-based SENSOR FUSION situational awareness technology was applied and continuous testing was conducted on a number of demonstration vessels. Furthermore, we are continuously upgrading autonomous navigation performance through simulations based on actual voyage data.”In addition, Samsung Heavy Industries obtained SMART MHM (Machinery Health Monitoring) AIP certification for "SVESSEL CBM (Condition Based Maintenance)", a state-based intelligent fault diagnosis system, from ABS advancement in the U.S., at this exhibition on Wednesday the 25th.SVESSEL CBM, which utilizes IoT and AT technologies, is a smart solution that remotely analyzes the electric and current signals of major ship equipment to diagnose failures in real time and predict maintenance times. It is currently being applied to LNG carriers built by Samsung Heavy Industries.Hyun Joe Kim, head of the Samsung Heavy Industries Autonomous Flight Research Center, said, “By receiving certification for SVESSEL CBM technology from ABS, the reliability and competitiveness of Samsung Heavy Industries’ intelligent fault diagnosis method has been recognized,” adding, “We will further upgrade the participatory smart maintenance platform in the future.” he said.Meanwhile, the International Marine, Shipbuilding, Offshore, Oil & Gas Exhibition (KORMARINE) is an exhibition that has grown along with the domestic shipbuilding and maritime industry over the past 40 years. KORMARINE 2023, co-hosted by Busan City, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency, Korea Shipbuilding and Offshore Plant Association, Korea Shipbuilding and Marine Equipment Industry Cooperative, Lead K Fairs Co., Ltd. and BEXCO, focused on domestic and overseas shipbuilding, offshore plants and marine energy, showing off cutting-edge equipment and new technologies.
